Timothy Sackton: For the end but you get it aside. It gives you the name of everybody who's speaking to disentangle the multiple
Timothy Sackton: multiple tracks so I YouTube I tried that I uploaded line, but it doesn't sort out his talking so there's
Timothy Sackton: Just a whole bunch of it's all garbled
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a hard problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: But zoom has the multi tracks. That's cool.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, zoom, I think it's because when zoom records and records each
Mike Sackton: Individual right
Timothy Sackton: Speaker as a separate track and so I can do each one separately. Anyway, we'll see how that works. We can have transcripts from now on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you then had approached the ruins of the outskirts of this Marty fort.
Timothy Sackton: Discovered
Timothy Sackton: Trying to remember exactly what you discovered
Timothy Sackton: There were two large mounds.
Timothy Sackton: In
Mike Sackton: One of them had skeletons in it.
Timothy Sackton: That's one of them had skeletons coming
Eric Rosenbaum: Out anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Which you destroyed. There's like there was like some
Timothy Sackton: Ruins of some like foundations of outbuildings and things like that. I'm on the left as you approached a dyken a causeway, the main road lead over the lead on a causeway over the day into a walled fort.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the structures not still standing. Although the walls of one sort of central building are ahead of you on the road. The Two Towers in front of you are also standing and to the right in front of the central building. There's one.
Timothy Sackton: Pen tag, an old building with a metal roof that also seems to be intact.
Timothy Sackton: And you
Timothy Sackton: Then as you approached the causeway.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Sense, the danger of the undead. And then they leapt out from one of the mountains and attacked you after dispatching them, you realize I think
Timothy Sackton: Well be maybe realized that they seemed like they were hobgoblin skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: And then that's where we have
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, and we were speculating about mass, mass graves and the history of
Eric Rosenbaum: Bread for being used to protect the region against top goblins
Eric Rosenbaum: Reason question also that other mound in but it
Mike Sackton: Did it hip hop goblins
Eric Rosenbaum: And I had considered using stone sense to see if I could.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kong I send your message, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: So and also
Timothy Sackton: To have you, I forget, I think, Kenzo and down with still have the fading bits of room Nick inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: If, in the next, you know, five minutes or so you want to use that for any sort of ability check
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, I was testing that around that totally understanding when it did.
Timothy Sackton: At last, for 10 minutes so it last past the combat.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I think you also had seen
Timothy Sackton: You had also seen sign for what that the
Timothy Sackton: The mound where the skeletons came from had been disturbed.
Timothy Sackton: We somewhat recently, although
Timothy Sackton: Recently being between two days in a month. You weren't exactly sure.
When somebody
Eric Rosenbaum: That data.
Eric Rosenbaum: We tracked. Somebody there was one person.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: There was signs of it, of a camp where you left the horse.
Right, right.
Rev. David: And then we saw like footprints or something down here crisscrossing right
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you did. Going into the foundations.
Rev. David: But not more than one person. I don't think right
Now,
Timothy Sackton: One person.
Mike Sackton: So shall we go in
Rev. David: We go. I'm words and cautiously and
Rev. David: Keep an eye over these
David Kong: Before we move
David Kong: This, this
David Kong: This other mount here.
David Kong: There's something about it. There's something sacred about this place in a way
David Kong: holy ground. It feels like somebody's blessed to this.
David Kong: At some point
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of a blessing.
David Kong: That I cannot say.
Mike Sackton: The undisturbed one
David Kong: Yeah, undisturbed.
Eric Rosenbaum: The green one is there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there ley lines and stuff around what's the magical
Eric Rosenbaum: Groundwork
Timothy Sackton: Um, so you want to take it takes 10 minutes to
Timothy Sackton: Cast attack magic. If you want to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like when we last session.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try and do that. I don't remember what the result was though.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that so that was backed by the canyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: A right
Timothy Sackton: Right, you had looked for whether there was anything disturbed and hadn't seen anything
Timothy Sackton: You don't get the, I mean, just from
Timothy Sackton: Your general sort of perceptive ness of the flow of magic around, you don't get the sense of anything particularly unusual, but you'd have to take the time to
Timothy Sackton: Cast the tech magic in order to know more than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to walk up a little ways on to the grassy man.
Timothy Sackton: It's there's grass. It's a mound. You go up a little it
Timothy Sackton: You know, it feels
Timothy Sackton: Solid under your feet. There's nothing strange about it as far as you can tell.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I could like more or less instantaneously excavate a deep hole in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could if I were foolish.
Timothy Sackton: That's something you have the ability to do
Rev. David: We should fit in.
Rev. David: Because whatever yeah whatever is here is still here.
Eric Rosenbaum: May have to
Rev. David: investigate further. After we've dealt with it.
Mike Sackton: Wait, is it still here. Did it come from here.
Timothy Sackton: Is what still here.
Mike Sackton: The footprints are they going in or out, or both.
Timothy Sackton: They went in, ah, make a make a survival jack
Mike Sackton: Can I use my
Mike Sackton: You can use inspiration that
Mike Sackton: We do what
Timothy Sackton: What is inspiration duration is the six just rolled the six and add it to the survival check
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice.
Mike Sackton: So 17
Timothy Sackton: So as you spend some time looking around you. You feel the the room that
Timothy Sackton: Seeker sort of threw at you during the Battle of pulling you towards the towards the causeway a little bit and you notice walking around the tracks definitely lead in there's tracks crisscrossing back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: Between the mound. That seems to be excavated and the
Timothy Sackton: And the, the foundations that are sort of down into the left
Timothy Sackton: Then
Timothy Sackton: There seems to be
Timothy Sackton: Possibly signs of a skirmish towards the entry way to the wall that tracks go in, but definitely don't come out.
Mike Sackton: So hold on. There's a foundation like an open Foundation, the mound and then a wall. Right. Yeah. So is that on this map the wall is the wall is while we not while we came through. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Now that's the wall.
Timothy Sackton: That's the I can find a map that had a causeway. And you know about. But there should be a dyke and Causeway going over the date and then
Timothy Sackton: crumbled bits of a wall. Right. The, the day could be like here and there was this this bit here would be a causeway going over the day the trends go in, but nothing seems to have
Mike Sackton: Cut the top of the map is in
Timothy Sackton: The top of the map is
Rev. David: Okay, there's new like giant hyena tracks or giant lizard tracks or
Timothy Sackton: Gum that. So there is a
Timothy Sackton: More
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so there's I mean there's not any obvious giant hyena tracks, but there are definitely signs of activity here. Right. So there's definitely a lot more animal footprints than you would
Timothy Sackton: Know necessarily think is typical for some random abandoned fork in the Rocky desert.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to disentangle exactly like what is what. But it definitely seems like this is an area that's
Timothy Sackton: Been better than average traffic.
Mike Sackton: And we haven't worked in the foundations at all, but the tracks go there.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I think we should check out the foundations for
Rev. David: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Good idea. Let's, let's investigate
Mike Sackton: And it looks like. I mean, it's possible. At least that whoever made the tracks dug up the map right or it looks like they were sort of
Timothy Sackton: Definitely some definitely
Timothy Sackton: Possible that would be consistent with
Timothy Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: I hate to suggest it, but could they have been working for something in there and should we dig it up further
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's, let's look at those foundations. I like that idea.
Mike Sackton: Let's start with the better idea and then we'll go to the bad idea. Next.
Rev. David: Okay.
David Kong: So I like starting with the worst idea and then working
Mike Sackton: Fine.
Timothy Sackton: Looking around
Timothy Sackton: You can see in the shade of the bottom of one of these foundations, there's a neat camp site sort of nestled out of sight.
Timothy Sackton: Battle thurs you know what looks like a bit of like a sort of a
Timothy Sackton: Pack with probably food and stuff in it a shovel the remains of a campfire, a small iron pot, you know, just sort of standard, things like that.
Timothy Sackton: There is some food that's been the pack that has the food in it has been ripped open and there's like a few pieces of like salt pork and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And dried fish that's been scattered across the ground and partially eaten by animals. Um, it's, it's definitely not made in the past day or two.
Timothy Sackton: Just clearly somebody camp.
Mike Sackton: climb down and investigate a little bit more closely.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and make an investigation check
Rev. David: I'll stay up and stay on lookout.
Mike Sackton: That's why somebody's
Timothy Sackton: Makeup Perception check
Timothy Sackton: While be
Timothy Sackton: Who's investigating
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go down into the
Mike Sackton: I roll the 13 on investigation.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go invest as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a five. Oh, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was terrible bottom
Timothy Sackton: On the left,
Mike Sackton: Down into the left
Timothy Sackton: So I'm
Timothy Sackton: Down with you spend some time poking around
Timothy Sackton: It's so it's hard to tell exactly how old the camp is. It's definitely more than a few days and it's clearly not you know months old. But it's this is a dry.
Timothy Sackton: arid environment and you know it hasn't rained for a long time, so it could easily be three or four weeks old. It's just hard to get exactly how old it is. You do find a number of
Timothy Sackton: Like just kind of in the ruins a number of
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: Seemingly Olds bits of artifacts like bits of metal spoons or iron nails, some shatter pottery and stuff. It seems like the Detroit's have a small village or a few shops that are
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, quite a bit older than the camp itself which is new on top of us.
Timothy Sackton: There is some more food in the pack. But there's no
Timothy Sackton: There's no weapons. There's no
Timothy Sackton: Spell books or anything like that. It seems like somebody is
Mike Sackton: Any water.
Timothy Sackton: No water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any indication that the person who used to say that bedroll or the food was human or non human like from their size or other buddy characteristics.
Timothy Sackton: Human size, probably not a half laying probably not a dwarf unless it was a dwarf who really liked to have a lot of room by their feet.
Timothy Sackton: Other than that, it's hard to tell.
Timothy Sackton: But human sized
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and like had flesh on their body and everything, probably
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I guess he thought it
Timothy Sackton: Would be a
Timothy Sackton: Fairly a typical undead who would
Eric Rosenbaum: Be
Timothy Sackton: Knocking on
On tried fetch.
Mike Sackton: The shovel was used
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the sovereignty is
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting to dig stones.
Mike Sackton: I'm guessing did
Mike Sackton: Dig up the
Mike Sackton: The thing. So somebody was here working and they went back and forth between the camp in the in the grave.
Timothy Sackton: This yes
Timothy Sackton: It's, I mean the tracks are old enough, it's hard to really tell.
Timothy Sackton: For sure, but it's
Timothy Sackton: Clear. They weren't being super careful to like cover their activities in this area, whoever this was
Mike Sackton: And kind of a long time. Why does this look like
Mike Sackton: The main
Mike Sackton: Back, like, in other words, it's not like
Mike Sackton: Whoever was here. It looks like they left their stuff like this isn't like a
Generic
Timothy Sackton: No, it definitely looks like they left their stuff at a campsite. They took water.
Mike Sackton: Chair presumably they haven't watched him. He
Timothy Sackton: Must have taken some water, some weapons, but not not their food or there or other sort of main gear.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So they're probably dead is is I think the point I'm after.
Timothy Sackton: That's passive that sees
Timothy Sackton: Wow, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Not impossible or alive, it seems unlikely they would have been surviving
Timothy Sackton: Some minutes at least
Timothy Sackton: Oh, sorry, guys. I thought I forgot I didn't share the music. I had some creepy music for you.
Timothy Sackton: Here we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, what time of day is it
Rev. David: This is suddenly much spooky.
Rev. David: Ruins been
Rev. David: Pretty cheerful and under control.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: What time of day is it
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's it took you I mean you got up first thing in the morning. It took you three or four hours to get down the canyon and get it was only a couple of, like, three miles or so from the edge of the canyon so
Timothy Sackton: It's probably like mid late morning
Timothy Sackton: Certainly not past noon.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's nice and bright and sunny.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's certainly getting hot, you're getting towards the hottest part of the day.
David Kong: And how big is this whole kind of complex is it's sort of like what you want your in your background thing. It's like, like, you know, on one
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's a bit it's it's fairly big, it's a decent size for it. So the wall itself is probably, you know, a few hundred feet. It's a rectangle
Timothy Sackton: That's maybe roughly a few hundred feet at the longest angle and somewhat shorter at the shortest side, the central building that still as standing walls as maybe 40 feet or so, sorry, maybe 80 feet. Why
Timothy Sackton: It's not massive but it would have been. It could have held a sizable
Timothy Sackton: Number of people in this for
Timothy Sackton: The ruins out here that you're looking through there's seven or eight kind of intact foundations and probably
Timothy Sackton: Fair bit more number of small outbuildings probably like shops and whatever was supporting the for
Timothy Sackton: This wasn't a minor outpost. This was a notable
Timothy Sackton: Location.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we might need to just head in.
Eric Rosenbaum: quickly before we do that, though, I want to just confirm with everybody what we think we're looking for, which is to say
Eric Rosenbaum: What do we think we're looking for.
Mike Sackton: They were means that whoever this guy.
Mike Sackton: And while I will see here. Why was there somebody
Mike Sackton: At this ruin. That's what I wanted.
Mike Sackton: Well, quarterly, looking for
David Kong: But it seems, also, as though, whatever is been animating these these beasts.
David Kong: I somehow is connected to this place has clearly been here or feels as though they had been here, maybe even of us has used this spaces either a staging ground or has conducted experiments here or something feels like this.
David Kong: Place is somehow connected with whatever has been unfolding across the land.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which raises the
Eric Rosenbaum: Question of whether there's a source of magical energy
Mike Sackton: And is the guy we're following here to stop it or started
Rev. David: Timing works out for him to be starting it or to follow us from the unknown animals.
Rev. David: Or to follow here quickly after it started.
David Kong: Are we confident, it's only one
Rev. David: from what we can tell
Rev. David: Yes, this person and the other campsite was just one
Rev. David: That doesn't mean it's the only one here.
Mike Sackton: Is there any. I mean, there's no science that would make us have any way of telling if the two campsites for the same person.
Timothy Sackton: The other camp site was. I mean, the other camp site was clearly had intended to be disguise. I know it's only well BS.
Timothy Sackton: You know, clear sight and careful I that even revealed any signs of it. This was completely out in the open. There was very little to see at the previous campsite, um,
Timothy Sackton: So I think it's hard to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did our battle with the skeletons make a lot of noise.
Timothy Sackton: I mean a decent amount of noise, not a huge amount. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Kansas fairly quiet when he cracks bones with his staff I gas.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I cast the new wave. And remember, if we did anything
Timothy Sackton: Oh no you cast thunder wave. That's right. It made a lot of noise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Point being,
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoever's on the other side of that wall knows that something's up out here already.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's not come out at us.
Timothy Sackton: And that's a
Timothy Sackton: Bright clear sky, there's no sign of thunder in the snow storms anywhere nearby so
Rev. David: There's no way in except across the causeway.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you could walk around the entire wall, it would take you that long.
Timothy Sackton: I was thinking why you can't we
Eric Rosenbaum: Might be that
Timothy Sackton: All you can see from here is
Timothy Sackton: The causeway.
Mike Sackton: I still wonder if we should dig up the grave, a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: The pile of rocks that the dead the skeletons can
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: You want to dig it up a little bit more
Mike Sackton: It just bothers me that this guy that somebody was here with a shovel thinking, get up.
Rev. David: Let's ask him.
Mike Sackton: I think he's dead.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we find him first.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we think he crossed the causeway.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I went in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's go and
Mike Sackton: Come up.
David Kong: Is it. He is a this is meta game. Is anybody like good at like sneaking around and stuff. And like kind of
Rev. David: Oh yeah, I'm very good.
David Kong: So that would be that'd be an approach is to take the sneaky approach and have somebody try to sneak in there and see what see what they can find
Rev. David: I could definitely scale the hood.
David Kong: Instead of all of us just you know barreling in for dudes like
David Kong: You know,
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, all right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: So you're gonna, I mean,
Rev. David: I think, I think, what was the
Timothy Sackton: Way, if
Timothy Sackton: I god
Rev. David: I was gonna say, just to sort of sneak across the causeway and get a sense of what's on the other side. Like what's the lay of the land. Can I see anyone. Is there any emotion. Is there anything weird, you know, what's the
Rev. David: What's over there and then come back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay, give me a stealth jack and a perception check
Rev. David: They're still
Not great.
Timothy Sackton: How the
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration. I forget that I give to you.
Timothy Sackton: Know is Kenzo and our
Whoops.
Timothy Sackton: But that was came in the end.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you you kind of, it's, it's not really easy to particularly hide on exposed Causeway designed to
Timothy Sackton: Be
Timothy Sackton: Visible to attackers but you kind of creep. The best you can. And when you come to one of these towers. Right. So there's two Causeway leads in between two towers, the gate has
Timothy Sackton: And the archway has completely fallen down in the towers have lost their rules, but the two towers themselves are still largely intact.
Timothy Sackton: And so you can kind of creep along the side of the tower and just kind of trying to blend in as best you can with the with the wall and the and the and the sort of rocky ground around you.
Timothy Sackton: So most of this for seems to be in ruins. What you're looking at is effectively.
Timothy Sackton: A series of
Timothy Sackton: Large rectangular square just crumbled walls nowhere. The walls higher than about four to five feet.
Timothy Sackton: In all four sides of the rectangle, there are openings of some kind. It seems like only this Southern entry way still has an intact causeway.
Timothy Sackton: And still hasn't tax towers, but there's sort of rubble strewn around that you can see probably there were towers on all four corners, whether there were actual openings or not or just defensive towers is hard to tell.
Timothy Sackton: The only structure that is still completely standing and intact is to your to the sort of North East so looking sort of to your right and a bit of had there's a fairly large pantanal building
Timothy Sackton: With a metal roof that is still
Timothy Sackton: Roughly intact in between that building and the southern wall. There's a
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a large cistern.
Timothy Sackton: About 10 feet across a big sort of stone.
Timothy Sackton: Structure like looking like almost like an enormous well the stone wall around the outside of it is still open, but from where you're hiding. You can't see into it.
Timothy Sackton: To the left is just foundations like of barracks or stables, or something like that. Mostly just like rows of stone, kind of in, you know, blending into the dirt and grass and and sand and rock here straight ahead. You do also see this large sort of headquarters building
Timothy Sackton: That's about 80 feet wide and about half that
Timothy Sackton: Long a rectangle sort of going this way.
Timothy Sackton: The roof has collapsed. The walls are still roughly intact.
Timothy Sackton: Behind it, there's more foundations barracks, or you know granary stable. It's hard to tell exactly what
Timothy Sackton: You don't see anything, although you do occasionally catch a fate sound of
Timothy Sackton: What sounds like possibly something chewing.
Timothy Sackton: Like cracking noises almost like some sort of large insects.
Timothy Sackton: You know, cracking on the ground and running around a little bit and and you know
Timothy Sackton: Making noises almost sounds like feeding, but it's but it's hard to tell exactly where it's coming from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely not scorpion like because that would be
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I can't really get well we can't doesn't really have a good sense of insight. It just sounds kind of like a crackling noise I must
Rev. David: My giant insect sound, sir. Well,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: You will, by the end of this day.
Rev. David: All look back to you and I'll wave, you know, all sort of given all clear, you know, and wave you to come over and then point to my ear and just sort of make a listening gesture.
Rev. David: And once here within 30 feet of me, I'll relay what I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: The interview.
And telepathically
Timothy Sackton: To do that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, really.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so you hear this tell allopathic voice in your mind saying what we just saw.
Rev. David: Here's the whole situation. Here's what I see. Also, I can speak in your mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, okay.
David Kong: Um, alright, so we cross over.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Are we are crossing over. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Mm hmm. So where do you want ahead.
David Kong: Is there a napkin.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I don't have the whole I don't have the whole ruins as a man that was too much effort to construct it all. I do have a few
Timothy Sackton: critical pieces mapped. I'm not going to tell you what
Rev. David: I think we should head towards the intact building the
Eric Rosenbaum: Building would like to look at the cistern first
Mike Sackton: I would, yeah, I would scout. So wait, there was the
Mike Sackton: There was the cistern, and there was some more foundations, right.
Timothy Sackton: There's more foundations, there's
Mike Sackton: I want to see if we can fall with the tracks when
Eric Rosenbaum: No. Yeah, good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's do that first.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Make another survival check, whoever wants to track.
Timothy Sackton: The third as you cross over. There's a little bit there seems to be like signs almost of a of a
Timothy Sackton: Like a small scuffle, or possibly a little bit of combat of some kind, but there's no bodies or anything here and the ground is pretty disturbed just inside the towers and it's you can't really pick up
Timothy Sackton: In the inside here, it's more packed Earth. And so the truck that the tracks are much harder to see. And so, outside of this little area of like a skirmish or something just inside the towers, you can't see which direction the tracks went
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I want to look at the system.
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Timothy Sackton: So the it's a it's certainly it's definitely like the the
Timothy Sackton: top portion or the entryway to some sort of underground sister and where where water was presumably stored
Timothy Sackton: I assume looking means paring down into it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cautiously sticking my head over the edge. Yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it's empty now.
Timothy Sackton: There you can see down the floor there. There was a
Timothy Sackton: It's it's constructed ground right so it was a it was paved and then layered with clay and sort of made waterproof, but there's a large crack in the bottom of that and descending into darkness below that.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you have dark vision right so
You
Timothy Sackton: It drops maybe 40 feet down into a what looks like almost the floor, looking down into the system and you see what looks like the floor of a cave, there's like some rocky dirt and
David Kong: Shit.
Timothy Sackton: You can see there's it's cracked
Timothy Sackton: And like
Timothy Sackton: The water sort of poured out and you can see sort of how the flow of the water kind of washed away some of the
Timothy Sackton: Stone in earth, and now you're looking at, at some sort of underground cave below them, but you can't really make it any details or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Number of weird things about this one is if there was a cave down there below. Where did they store the water there. You think they could make it. If it was already there. Is this an area where you would expect giant underground caves.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a
Logical
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, make make an intelligence, check with advantage. Well, I guess you have that's your like background. Right. So you would pretty much just notice but still making intelligence.
How much
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait, they did it. I think I did it. I'm still a little confused about the end beyond that caused the 3D diet role, but I have to click on this thing.
Timothy Sackton: What are the, what was your role.
At
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's a little strange. It's not that strange. I mean, this is a, there's a lot of
Timothy Sackton: disturbs geology in this area and
Timothy Sackton: It's, you know, a lot of what you've passed three since coming from, from the clearly unnatural Kenyan has also seemed to be
Timothy Sackton: Unnatural, it would be quite unusual for there to be a cave for by water.
Timothy Sackton: By
Timothy Sackton: You know, some sort of like
Timothy Sackton: Cracked opening or some sort of like if the land beneath here shifted and, you know, just the fact that there's some whole beneath the cistern is not doesn't strike you is super weird. Although depending on what is beyond this one room of the cave that you can see
Timothy Sackton: It could be more or less strange
Mike Sackton: Well seeker is peering in the system. I'm going to
Mike Sackton: Listen for the Clacking noise and see if I can pinpoint it
Eric Rosenbaum: Just
David Kong: The exact same things. And I was I wanted to do.
Timothy Sackton: Both of you guys give me perception.
Mike Sackton: Eating
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, yeah, okay, both of you already liners that
Timothy Sackton: Ah you concentrate for a moment, you can definitely hear the sounds of something kind of stirring in the central building
Timothy Sackton: It's sounds. It doesn't sound like anything you've heard before. It's not like a swarm of little insects or something. It really sounds like something with like pincers like crashing together and then A BONE CRUSHING and then
Timothy Sackton: You know the pencil is cracking a little bit again. AND THEN THE BONE CRUSHING again.
David Kong: Is there a
Timothy Sackton: Sounds like something's eating something is
David Kong: Is there, like, is it one thing many things like is there a sense like a. Can you tell like how many things that are in there.
Timothy Sackton: What one thing
Eric Rosenbaum: One thing. So it's in the main building
Timothy Sackton: In the main building
Mike Sackton: What was the doors to the main building like
Timothy Sackton: There's no doors, that's just
Timothy Sackton: It's just a wall. There's and there's just an opening in the wall where there used to be a door the seal the roof is completely collapse.
Mike Sackton: And wait, what was the metal roof place.
Timothy Sackton: That's the pantanal building off to the right, that
Timothy Sackton: You don't unless you explore right you don't see a door facing in this direction.
Mike Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: Well well be.
Mike Sackton: Would you, would you like to creep very, very carefully closer to that building and
Mike Sackton: Here in
The loop.
Rev. David: wouldn't like to
Rev. David: But I think it's wise.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK. So I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Still fully
Rev. David: Perception. Let me just check something
Mike Sackton: Can I while he's creeping is there up. Can we see in the door.
Timothy Sackton: Which door. I mean,
Mike Sackton: There's an open
Timothy Sackton: The main building. Yeah. You don't see anything straight ahead.
Timothy Sackton: But the building. You're looking. The opening is is directly ahead of you on the building extends maybe 50 4050 feet on either side of that and there's like two little wings that come out in the
Timothy Sackton: Flight so there's
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna ready a Eldridge blast and be prepared to just if well becomes running back this way with some creepy thing behind him. I'm going to blast it
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um, as you creep forward.
Timothy Sackton: You got about
Timothy Sackton: I would say about 50 feet away from the
Timothy Sackton: 4050 feet away from the door and the noise stops.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: You pause for a moment and listen and you hear the what's sounds to you like something
Timothy Sackton: Digging
Eric Rosenbaum: A little unclear. He's creeping towards the pantanal building
Timothy Sackton: Now the central building
Timothy Sackton: Where you heard the noise.
David Kong: Man, are we going to explore catacombs.
Rev. David: ALL RIGHT. I'M GONNA KEEP CREEPING
Rev. David: But I'm gonna keep a careful and for Scorpio.
Mike Sackton: Days gonna come up underneath you, and eat you.
Timothy Sackton: OKAY, YOU KEEP CREEPING forward a little bit of turn around.
Mike Sackton: The sound. Don't die.
Timothy Sackton: Now stopped.
David Kong: By the way, is that what scorpions do like they like, dude,
Timothy Sackton: What's your Welby. What's your AC.
Mike Sackton: That's definitely not what scorpions.
Rev. David: Was that a question you would want to know.
Timothy Sackton: For the future.
What
Mike Sackton: Can I make a nature check, is there any like creatures that are there any tunneling insects that would live in the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I you can you can
Mike Sackton: You said skeptical.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: As a 21 okay
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: You are sitting here thinking about this thinking oh wait there.
Timothy Sackton: Now that I remember this. I do remember the Herder who who rest. You know who I was talking to once telling me about this, these like
Timothy Sackton: Large
Timothy Sackton: Sort of many legged burrowing insects that will often sense movement and ambush their prey from underground
Timothy Sackton: Oh god, just as
Timothy Sackton: Right in right
Timothy Sackton: Underneath well
Timothy Sackton: This here let me let me. Let's switch up the map here.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is fine. I'm sure this is totally fine.
Rev. David: It's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you're you're
Let's say
Eric Rosenbaum: PCs.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody else is like, way far away but well be is like right about there.
Timothy Sackton: You guys are you guys are far away as
Timothy Sackton: This large creature
Timothy Sackton: Let's, let's
Timothy Sackton: Let's make this music slightly more appropriate at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on here.
Timothy Sackton: That's large creature bursts out from underground
Timothy Sackton: its jaws snapping it looks like I'm
Timothy Sackton: Like sort of an eight legged cross between a
Timothy Sackton: Like a between a centipede and
Timothy Sackton: Now a, like a cross between like a centipede and I'm praying mantis.
Timothy Sackton: comes flying out of the earth and grabs well be in
Timothy Sackton: Its mandibles
Timothy Sackton: Doing
Timothy Sackton: Five points of slashing damage and
David Kong: Three parts of awesome damage.
Timothy Sackton: Has it than
Timothy Sackton: grapples you in its claws.
Timothy Sackton: And it's bite.
Timothy Sackton: And now I'll just blast can fire off.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say, Can I shoot it.
Timothy Sackton: You should august blast and then
Mike Sackton: That's kind of crummy
Timothy Sackton: Is going to mess.
David Kong: Up redoing initiative in our high
Timothy Sackton: Yeah now initiative, hold on, let me start coming back.
Oh, it
Mike Sackton: Didn't go to me.
Timothy Sackton: Who else
Mike Sackton: Speaker got
Timothy Sackton: To occur. Okay.
Mike Sackton: If you click your token before you roll it, it should do it automatically.
Mike Sackton: Now, now it's two. There's two deaths.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I need to add speaker.
Mike Sackton: And Kenzo and
Mike Sackton: I know, Kansas, their thing is the 19 need to add for wealthy.
Timothy Sackton: Who will die. You got an 18. Well, the good news is you all you all higher than it
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, but seeker you're looking at the system you're about 200 feet away or
Really
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's put me on the map where I should be
Timothy Sackton: A No. I say you're like a DC
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's very convenient because I have a spell of with range 90 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: That
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man. Get ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm going to
Eric Rosenbaum: Start running in the direction of the action.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: waving my fingers in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sending motion and oh
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't do my screen sharing thing while you're doing shared sound.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait, no. Yes, you can. I just need to change it so that hold on, hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Multiple participants can share simultaneously. Now, do it.
OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK, so now hopefully you're seeing
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh, huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just wanted
Eric Rosenbaum: I just wanted to cast my
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: There we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm casting a
Eric Rosenbaum: rune expel by waving my glowing fingertip in the air, which leaves the swirling trails in a woven pattern in the air, which then shoots off tour in the direction of both the giant insect and also will be in the effort to knock them unconscious
David Kong: Bass
Timothy Sackton: Okay, awesome did ready capitals.
You're casting sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Creatures within 20 feet of a point you choose are affected and ascending order their current hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this report. Well, we just leave too, but it's probably okay he's in the mandibles of the bugs.
Timothy Sackton: I think we need to
Eric Rosenbaum: Press a button.
Eric Rosenbaum: That wasn't the thing
Eric Rosenbaum: To do.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, rather
Timothy Sackton: Five da. You can actually target it so it only gets the you throw it on the since the creature is large, if you throw it on the back side of it, it'll
Mike Sackton: Just put it here.
Timothy Sackton: But it only affects it if it
Timothy Sackton: If you will lower than it typically total. It doesn't do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is a roll five days and see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I just do that manually. Is everything okay so slash role.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: So criminal
Mike Sackton: That's not good.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo
David Kong: All right.
Timothy Sackton: I'm assuming you are sort of lurking year
David Kong: Yeah, I'm about where I am. Okay. Yeah. So, Kenzo rushes forward on staff spinning and
David Kong: And
David Kong: And strikes strikes with his with his staff.
David Kong: So,
Timothy Sackton: I get to, let's see 12345 actually know you can get to right there. All right. Exactly. Sex 123
David Kong: Okay get right here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Okay, so I'm right next to Welby. Yep. And then I strike at it with my
David Kong: Staff
David Kong: And
David Kong: Good things happen.
David Kong: It wasn't working.
David Kong: There it is. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs. Unfortunately I'm
David Kong: Tim. I'm gonna I'm gonna continue, though, to try to, I'm going to use my
David Kong: My additional
David Kong: Florida. So you can make
Timothy Sackton: Two more two unarmed strikes.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
David Kong: Excellent. And so again,
David Kong: Ooh.
David Kong: That nice, very nice. Nice. So basically you see Kenzo just just rush over extremely quickly just boom. He knew he sees the danger is is is launches himself right next to next to Welby
David Kong: Tries to use his staff to slash at the mandible, the mandibles and kind of create a little distance. Mrs. But then again, just Flurry of blows just come up, up, up, up, up, hot like strike striking different parts of the beast and and doing some damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I able to is this
David Kong: Is my kind of attack help to
David Kong: Get the different creature to either release will be your
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem to be paying much attention to you. It's, it's just like looking like it wants to swallow well be possibly whole given it sighs
Oh god.
Timothy Sackton: What while we can attempt to get out if you want to
Rev. David: Yes, I think.
Timothy Sackton: You can
Timothy Sackton: Either acrobatics or athletics, whichever you prefer. I
Rev. David: Guess it's going to be acrobatic so I through all of this, if not I am still like in stealth mode so i i let out no sound whatsoever. Despite being
Rev. David: You know, grabbed except I'll look over to Ken's I'm just say
Rev. David: I will Acrobat I will attempt to like wrench myself out with no effect whatsoever.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite good enough.
Rev. David: Yeah, that good.
Rev. David: Yeah, I think that's all I can do. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 123456 telephone run up here. Drawing his sword as he runs, but then instead of attacking can't quite reach health wise than a green burst of energy from his hand.
Timothy Sackton: But I had
Mike Sackton: Not a lot of damage but
Timothy Sackton: So with that, I mean with that head. It does.
Timothy Sackton: It's sort of a almost like it was caught by surprise by the
Timothy Sackton: The other creatures, thinking it was only attacking a single prey, and it seems a little bit confused and
Timothy Sackton: disoriented and is looking around like
Timothy Sackton: What's going on, and then just
Timothy Sackton: clamps down on
Timothy Sackton: Well be, um, but your acrobatics, you're, you're twisting and turning in its jaws as it as you tried to escape well be.
Timothy Sackton: Has caused it enough and plus the additional hits
Timothy Sackton: Has caused enough confusion.
Timothy Sackton: And disorientation on its part that it
Timothy Sackton: cannot quite get a solid grip on you and you managed to sort of twist and get it so that it it manages it when it bites down again. It does. No, it has no effect on you.
Timothy Sackton: You take no additional damage, but you're still grappled
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man, so it he's noticeably
Eric Rosenbaum: Been hurt, though.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely noticeably better. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, so maybe I can
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm in range for healing word
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I will
Eric Rosenbaum: Need to get closer to do that. No.
Timothy Sackton: Healing word is 30 feet, I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it 6860 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so you're fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so I will cast a healing word ruin in the air in the direction. Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I have to do the thing
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, well, so I
Eric Rosenbaum: Guess I'm
Out of spells place.
Timothy Sackton: So while be yes you gain six six
Timothy Sackton: Points back
Timothy Sackton: Nice, that's a bonus action so you can still do something for your action estimate like
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about trying to use
Eric Rosenbaum: Mold Earth in some way. But apart from like making a little barricade around this creature that would have both the creature and will be inside of it or
Eric Rosenbaum: Cutting away something underneath it so that, again, both of them fall. Actually can I how, what's the shape of this thing. It's long and skinny.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah.
David Kong: Can you like it.
Eric Rosenbaum: trapping it seems dangerous. I was thinking about tripping it up like making a hole that it would that it's that would destabilize it search rear legs fall in
Timothy Sackton: That you can do that. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I make a rule, Nick.
Eric Rosenbaum: excavating motion with my fingers in the air, actually this suddenly has ranged 30 feet, so I need to do need to get closer to do that, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: But you have plenty. You have 25 feet of movements that you can easily get within 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So go here and then I'm going to dig out the area like in back behind it like
Eric Rosenbaum: There.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: What's your
Timothy Sackton: Father Mother Earth, it should say next to the spell. There's like a DC
Timothy Sackton: doesn't say anything. It doesn't say
Eric Rosenbaum: It's DC I can
Timothy Sackton: Like, that's like the difficulty for people trying to stand against the effect
Timothy Sackton: But it'll be
Timothy Sackton: DC of four of 12 it'll be 12 because it's your intelligence, not your
Timothy Sackton: Your wisdom okay it it's back legs do slip into the
Timothy Sackton: Slip into the hole and it falls prone, but it does not release.
Timothy Sackton: Does not release.
Timothy Sackton: Well be but it is it is now. It had been sort of rearing up but as you dig out the earth underneath its back legs.
Timothy Sackton: It does a slip and fall prone
Timothy Sackton: With well be sort of now crushed partially utterance had and front legs.
Hips
Timothy Sackton: 10s. Oh, yeah.
David Kong: Is there a way that I can attack it like can I like tackled summit like like it's arm or whatever to like release, while the is there like a strategic place I can I can I can
Timothy Sackton: Yeah you you can you can try and you can try and hit it's I'm like right it's mandibles that have them having grappled
Timothy Sackton: I would say that if you hit you would do no damage, but you could release them.
David Kong: That's, I will do that, I'll do that with both my at my at my staff attack and also my hand, attack, attack. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well, make your one attack first because if you release them, then you can
David Kong: Oh yeah. All right, here we go.
Dope.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, actually.
Timothy Sackton: Now that it's prone. It has last maneuverability and you managed to connect a solid blow to it.
Timothy Sackton: With your quarter staff and it's it like shakes his head slightly and
Timothy Sackton: Looks around at you and drops well be and then turns looking in your direction, like, who is this creature here.
David Kong: Perfect. And then I strike it with a flurry of both of blows and
David Kong: something awesome happens
Timothy Sackton: Or was that, how many key points do you have left.
David Kong: I'm done, I just get done again an arm strike. Just one.
Timothy Sackton: You got one attack, not to attacks.
David Kong: Was just my
David Kong: This is my stand on strike. Nice.
Timothy Sackton: For that hats. Yeah. And so now you've
Timothy Sackton: You're, you're punishing it pretty badly with these hits. So you walk in, it drops well being turns over to look at you and then smash right in the face that gets another hat.
Timothy Sackton: And that's I guess that is your turn.
Timothy Sackton: That you're actually born as well be. You are now free
Rev. David: All right.
Rev. David: I looked at Kensal thank you can so
I
Rev. David: Will take my bonus kind of action to disengage. So if releases me and I do a backward somersault and pop up and backpedal myself backwards. And while I'm pulling my boat.
Rev. David: Back and then take a shot at this thing, short, though.
Timothy Sackton: And you do get sneak attack because Kansas and maybe with it.
Timothy Sackton: And I accept because it's prone range attacks of disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Ken's I should have had advantage. By the way, too, but he hit anyway so
Rev. David: Should I wrote a dinner, have I already missed
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Well, again, you haven't already messed it's AC is lower. When it's prone. So you had you had
Ice
Timothy Sackton: It's now like thrashing around
Timothy Sackton: looking quite badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Go with
Mike Sackton: I'll step forward and stab it
Mike Sackton: With my long sword.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That that hits. And actually, that's enough. Oops.
Timothy Sackton: As you step forward.
Timothy Sackton: It's now lying on the ground, sort of struggling to get out of these out of the hole that it's back legs have fallen into turning and looking at Kenzo which is who is now the focus of attention when doll with steps up and just slashes through its
Timothy Sackton: Kindness skin and this like spurt of black acidic blood comes flying out as it clap collapses to the ground. I guess chemo lens because it's not a mammal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And it is dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did it
Eric Rosenbaum: Come up out of a hole somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: It came straight out of the ground right underneath. Well, buddy.
Timothy Sackton: So there's now a hole. It's like partially it had lunged up out of a hole. It's now it's now you can see there's like a, you know, the earth underneath it. Is there was a bit of a tunnel leading in in this in this direction.
Timothy Sackton: Like this way towards the wall.
Mike Sackton: Or the sounds gone. I mean, this was quarterly what was
Yes.
David Kong: Secret. What kind of pieces. This that lives lives in needs that's below us on the earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting question. Do I know of things that I personally know
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm underground like that.
Timothy Sackton: So this is more of a desert creature
Mike Sackton: I mean this is clearly the thing that the that I knew about
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so it's it's like an ambush predator desert creature
Mike Sackton: In fact, it's just their usual size.
Timothy Sackton: This is the usual size.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: It's their usual habitat to although normally they would not be hunting.
Timothy Sackton: During the day, and especially if the sounds you heard was, it actually eating something they would definitely normally not be hunting when they
Mike Sackton: Already had all done, can I
Mike Sackton: Can I, can we tell if this is unusually aggressive
Mike Sackton: I mean, as you're saying it was unusual being unusually aggressive, it seems
Timothy Sackton: That's your sense
David Kong: Can we
David Kong: Should we go in and investigate and see what actually house will be doing
Mike Sackton: Well,
David Kong: How are you
Rev. David: Good. I'm okay. And really took it out of me for a minute but secrets healing.
Rev. David: put me back in good good place.
David Kong: Excellent. I like these insects.
David Kong: I never should have left the city.
David Kong: Are we going to go investigate this
David Kong: This this this building up this thing came out of
Rev. David: Sequence I
Think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll
Eric Rosenbaum: Just put an ear to the ground before we set off, try to listen for anything else scuttling through the
Timothy Sackton: Deck.
David Kong: Oh, I'll do that too.
David Kong: I gotta get a procedure perceive things
David Kong: Give me perception of things.
It was not
Not perceiving things
David Kong: That work. Do you guys see that
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: No, let's tell me what you wrote
David Kong: I wrote an 11 that's really weird.
David Kong: Lincoln thing.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: Do you have
Mike Sackton: To have die rolling on D amp D beyond turned on.
David Kong: I didn't
Timothy Sackton: Think to turn off Jibril
Mike Sackton: Is
Mike Sackton: The big die showing up on the D amp D beyond kick sheet.
David Kong: There is. Yeah. In the lower left hand corner.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But I worked in combat fine it
Did
Mike Sackton: Click on click on your name and there should be a dial and thing that you can turn off, it'll say die rolling beta
You can turn. Oh.
David Kong: There it is. Okay, cool. Got it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so when you
Timothy Sackton: Know you don't hear anything. Neither of you hear anything else.
Eric Rosenbaum: For Nope.
Timothy Sackton: And you go into the building to investigate.
Yes, left of the building.
Timothy Sackton: So there's a dead lion.
Timothy Sackton: partially digested seemingly partially digested by acid before it was eaten.
Timothy Sackton: That's that's lying sort of over here and there was a pet.
Timothy Sackton: Going down right here.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's like some, you know, bits of ruins and things like that. But this building the roof has fallen, a long time ago. So
Timothy Sackton: It seems pretty weathered and
Timothy Sackton: You know, not much else to see in here.
Mike Sackton: A pit going down way down to the cave.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly it's just a giant, it's a, it's like a 10 foot hole in the ground.
Mike Sackton: And we
Mike Sackton: Look down into what can it
Mike Sackton: Oh, what can it
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: So let's see, uh,
Timothy Sackton: It's it does um
Timothy Sackton: It slopes down into a cave. It's like a
Timothy Sackton: A hole that drops, maybe, you know, five or 10 feet into a
Timothy Sackton: Like a cave entry way. And you can see that the ground kind of slopes down from
Timothy Sackton: From there,
Timothy Sackton: Like a passageway almost not natural. I mean, it's not sorry natural looking. It's not constructed
Timothy Sackton: It's not super big. It's like maybe
Timothy Sackton: You know the dwarf in the and a half. Lincoln sort of easily walk comfortably. But the rest of the crouch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Supposing we were to go down there.
Timothy Sackton: If you were to go down. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're seeing some evidence of underground structure.
Timothy Sackton: And I should say. You also see
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, somebody will yeah you both. So with your I'll just roll this as part of the same conceptual you don't hear anything but there's definitely like signs of of
Timothy Sackton: Not just a lion. There's like animal bones around here to there are signs of of other fights. There seems to be like quite a lot of animal traffic coming back and forth here.
Timothy Sackton: Arrived
Timothy Sackton: Outside of the whole
Mike Sackton: Oh wait, coming out of the hole or
Timothy Sackton: Into out of both
Rev. David: Minimal traffic more than just like the giant insects thing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah, definitely like lion hyenas lizards some weird like three toed Claude like thing.
Mike Sackton: So the whole is where all the nasty animals have been coming from
David Kong: Looks like
Timothy Sackton: Not all the sacks go into the
Timothy Sackton: Hall, some of them kind of circle around the outside.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you know, I could, I could just close this up with a layer of stone, given a little bit of time and
Eric Rosenbaum: I probably
David Kong: I think we found the, I think we may have found the lab.
David Kong: Wherever these experiments had been conducted. It feels like it's down there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there see older
Eric Rosenbaum: Airflow temperature change.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: The air is is still and hot. Now, be it being about
Timothy Sackton: Probably just after lunchtime.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean like related to the whole
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's no there's no air flowing in or out of the hole, it seems quite still.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, is there something I don't know enough about geology to know, is there something in specifically that you're you would be able to tell by airflow.
Well, I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: Stone works for habitation always have to involve proper
Timothy Sackton: Then right
Eric Rosenbaum: If you want to breathe.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
There doesn't seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Yes, um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean, there probably is some airflow, but it doesn't. There's nothing
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't strike you as anything that was sort of constructed for the purposes of at least humanoid habitation.
He
Timothy Sackton: I'm dead. After all, don't
Eric Rosenbaum: Say,
Timothy Sackton: That's relevant at all, but
Rev. David: I think we should investigate. But I think it's worth checking the other building first so
Rev. David: Yeah, behind us when we going
Mike Sackton: It might be worth like having lunch and taking a short rest. Before we do, too. Yeah.
David Kong: I love you. I love that idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's sensible. Yeah.
David Kong: Sure. That sounds great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where should, where should we eat.
Mike Sackton: Let's investigate the other building first
Okay.
Mike Sackton: But I'd sort of suggest inside of the whole I'd rather see what's coming up, then be surprised by it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you, but first you want to head to the pantanal building. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, there's no sign of tracks of the guy going down into the whole is fair. Can we walk for tracks.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can look, I mean it's might be tricky because the
Timothy Sackton: This area has clearly been the recent site of a battle between this creature and a lion right but make a survival jack
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's just
Timothy Sackton: It's lions and and suddenly creature design, you can really tell. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're going to head over to the pantanal building
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So there is a
Timothy Sackton: Like sort of facing the so on the on the wall that's facing the headquarters that you can see now, there is an intact door.
Mike Sackton: The headquarters is the building we're
Timothy Sackton: In is the building, you're in. Yeah.
I'm building
Mike Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The walls that you're inside
Timothy Sackton: The door doesn't doesn't seem to be locked or anything, it's a it's a double wooden door. It's, you know, dried out some but
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't seem to have
Timothy Sackton: Like rotted away or anything in the dry desert air.
Mike Sackton: We should open
Rev. David: Is it locked
Timothy Sackton: It's not locked
Timothy Sackton: Who's pushing it open.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we step back have dealt with those sort of motion for everybody to stand back a little bit like 30 feet away from the door.
Mike Sackton: And hell. Let's stand to the side a little bit too.
Mike Sackton: And then Hill pill wave is our model bit and you see a small hand look across the 30 feet and push the door open.
Timothy Sackton: As the door swings open you can see inside the building is
Timothy Sackton: Mostly dark except for there seems to be on on one of the walls, what you can see from this distance. Anyway, is
Timothy Sackton: A flame, about the size of your hand. That seems to be burning touching nothing
Timothy Sackton: Kind of just floating in the air, casting light around amen from the light of this, this flame. You can see the area inside looks as if a large earthquake has struck it, it's been shaken and things are cracked. Um, but it's clearly a temple TO THE FIVE SIBLINGS to the Marty pantheon.
Timothy Sackton: Each of the five walls has an altar to one of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: To volley, the goddess of life and rebirth.
Timothy Sackton: home and family locker, the god of knowledge and seasons and time I gear. The God of War fire and death, and that is the the wall that has the flame burning on it Sankara the goddess of beauty truth and justice and chinodya the goddess of nature and animals.
Timothy Sackton: There's crumbled. A few of the authors are
crass
Timothy Sackton: The tapestry is an artwork. I sort of crumbled and destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: But on this altar to a gear. There's now a senior going in. So I can describe it, or you want to wait.
Being going okay
Timothy Sackton: There's a small silver statue, about the size of a hand of a spearpoint decorated with an Etch flame design and the tip of it is burning with fire.
Mike Sackton: That's the light we saw
Timothy Sackton: That's the light. You saw
Timothy Sackton: There's also like you know stuffs free around, right. It's like are clearly
Timothy Sackton: You know, this has been
Timothy Sackton: Shaken but somehow the walls have not come down in the roof is still intact.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the floor look like
Timothy Sackton: The floor is where you can see below the
Timothy Sackton: The like bits of rubble and stuff is cracked stone like it was at one point tiled many of the tiles have cracked
Timothy Sackton: You know, there was once like little sort of
Timothy Sackton: seating areas or or
Timothy Sackton: Sort of areas for contemplation in front of each of the altars, but those have all been sort of
Timothy Sackton: Shattered and thrown apart.
Timothy Sackton: It look. It's a mess right it looks like you know somebody shook the building and then put it back down the walls and roof intact, but everything inside of it, shaken.
Mike Sackton: That were some seekers that were looking around at the magical or us
Mike Sackton: Or seeing if there are any
Eric Rosenbaum: Not a bad idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might also rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like
David Kong: Inside like you're resting
David Kong: Have a snack.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I like yeah
David Kong: Like resting someplace like maybe outside this whole fort.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Mike Sackton: Like all the way back out to where we, you know, the side of the causeway.
David Kong: I mean,
David Kong: Someplace feels that feels a little safer.
Mike Sackton: Place feel has this place feel
David Kong: That weird music stops. So
David Kong: I say for now.
Mike Sackton: Is it like still seem sort of
Mike Sackton: Holy at all. I don't know. It doesn't have like
Timothy Sackton: It definitely feels calm.
Timothy Sackton: There's no I mean there's no sign that anything's been in here. You don't see any bodies or any way you know dead animals or blood streaked on the floor, anything like that. It definitely feels
Timothy Sackton: You know, calm certainly compared to how you felt five minutes ago.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm. Right. It has a sense about it. That's not. If not, you know, purely
Timothy Sackton: Holy space. It certainly seems
Timothy Sackton: You know, like
Timothy Sackton: There's some residual energy here that
Timothy Sackton: That relaxes you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Mike Sackton: I would want. I think we should rest here.
David Kong: Okay.
All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: A ritual spell, even though I'm out of spells lots to do, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can. You don't need
Eric Rosenbaum: Lots to do rituals. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And I'm going to do face eight to 10
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: So the, the spear points that you see the the statue of us, the small silver statue of a sphere with a flame on top of it is definitely magical
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise, you see.
Timothy Sackton: No item that you can observe is also magical. But you do sort of
Timothy Sackton: Particularly you seeker. Get a sense almost that there's some kind of magic that's been worked into the walls somehow like this. Is this building is stronger than a normal building
Rev. David: Are there any like
Rev. David: Religious relics are symbols are things that people back you know at the town. We were at would want to recover from a temple like this.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, it's pretty
Timothy Sackton: It's pretty battered up but if make either perception or investigation, whichever
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so I mean you do you spend a little while looking around.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there's
Timothy Sackton: You know it. Not a lot has been left behind, but some of the sort of heavier things you see a couple of like largest bronze chalices, that are still in pretty good shape.
Timothy Sackton: Some
Timothy Sackton: A few additional sort of, um, so in the same sort of shape as the silver spearpoint that has the flame burning on it. There's a series of three sort of silver.
Timothy Sackton: amulets of that kind of that could be one is necklaces. There's something, there's a
Timothy Sackton: What are those things called that you swing with incense.
Mike Sackton: sensor, sensor.
Sensors
Timothy Sackton: Some candlesticks. There's definitely a you know, a collection of you, except for the three silver pendants of spear points.
Timothy Sackton: Usually larger and heavier items.
Timothy Sackton: That seemed to be left here.
Timothy Sackton: Most of most of which are you know carved in you know decorator marked in some way with with signs of the gods and and probably would certainly be appreciated.
David Kong: didn't receive that message.
Timothy Sackton: Out, sorry.
Rev. David: Well, I'll collect a few of those things, including the amulets that can be easily carried or or actually first let's delve are these worth returning back to the town again.
Mike Sackton: Probably. I mean, I think they'd appreciate it, for sure.
Rev. David: Let's pack them up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we get that
Eric Rosenbaum: spearpoint with the fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's something we could take with us or carry
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it says it's a statue, it's like, this big.
Timothy Sackton: You could definitely carry it.
Mike Sackton: What sort of magic. Was it
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Application.
David Kong: What's the statue again.
Timothy Sackton: It's a, it's a silver statue about this big of a of a point of a sphere that then has an edge flame design on it and the top of the sphere has a flame like sort of sitting on it burning without consuming anything
Eric Rosenbaum: That you have spearpoint is also in some sense a spearpoint
Timothy Sackton: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if we had a stick. We could mount it on the end of it.
David Kong: I have a stick out of my of my stuff.
Yes.
David Kong: Can I try to
David Kong: Either use perception or whatever, you know, my, my, my knowledge of such artifacts and try to figure out what it is, whatever. Try to know if I know something about it.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sure, make a
Timothy Sackton: I would say religion check
David Kong: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah okay you've definitely. So you've heard of
Timothy Sackton: In fact, you would have
Timothy Sackton: Now looking at this, you, you actually it makes you think of things that you saw in your like relics. You saw it or artifacts, you saw on your monastery, not this design because I'm sort of lock in.
Timothy Sackton: Symbol wouldn't be a spearpoint but I'm
Timothy Sackton: Fire that does not burn that does not consume what it's on that lasts continually is something that you have seen around temples before um
David Kong: Do I know what what god they're they're associated with
Timothy Sackton: The, the spear design is that is
Timothy Sackton: Is our gear, the god of war and fire and death.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong: So I convey that to you to you all.
Mike Sackton: So is it just continual flame or does it have some other use. Have you seen these used for other things.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you've just seen them used as sort of sacred objects sacred flame, particularly
Timothy Sackton: Rituals. I mean, if this were the
Timothy Sackton: Were the sort of main temple for for that was housing soldiers, then you know our gear would likely be the one who many of them would have prayed to and revered
Timothy Sackton: And so these sorts of things were often or or often still are kind of used to mark, you know, particular dedication or particular you know desire for favor of have a specific
Timothy Sackton: ONE OF THE FIVE SIBLINGS
David Kong: So the statue is more like ceremonial not like that's something that you would like using battler
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't. I mean, it's made of silver, it wouldn't really
Timothy Sackton: It probably wouldn't work so well in battle, and it's not the right it's not sharp
Eric Rosenbaum: It's literally a light fixture also
Timothy Sackton: Deliver yes
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm noticing something here magically. This building is
Eric Rosenbaum: Extra strong. It's also the only building in this whole complex. I think that's intact with respect to walls and roof. So I wonder if whatever it was that caused the rest of the structures to collapse or be destroyed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was unable to take this structure down
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps because of its magical protection.
Mike Sackton: I think that's likely
Eric Rosenbaum: Who are the enemies of the five siblings.
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, the gods don't really have enemies. Exactly. I mean, the enemies of the Donmar he, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: From this point.
Timothy Sackton: You know, the point of time that's for it was built would have been
Timothy Sackton: You know how goblins and Shimano
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long ago was this whole place destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to tell exactly but I mean it's not a recent ruin.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: It's you know hundred plus years right it's
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's kind of amazing that this one building is intact at all, given the age
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely unusual.
Eric Rosenbaum: So some magic is keeping it
Eric Rosenbaum: Direct
David Kong: Selling should check my message to you.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, got it.
David Kong: And like, I don't know if there's like a child right here.
Rev. David: Should we rest here and then
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong: So just, you see, you see, Kenzo kind of, you know, head over to a particular wall.
David Kong: And kind of carefully laid down his staff and his material as his pack. And then strike this kind of a lotus pose and just enters this state of deep meditation. As he rests just not moving at all, but just just completely
David Kong: Yeah, just there. But there's an aura about him as he's doing it.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong: short rest.
Rest.
Timothy Sackton: Rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am going to use
Eric Rosenbaum: An ability, where as I
Eric Rosenbaum: Make myself comfortable on the floor. I draw a series of patterns around myself on the cracked tiles and
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a cold.
Timothy Sackton: Are you think song of rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Song of rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Extra Wendy six
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so if anybody. So during short rest you can
Timothy Sackton: If you want to heal you can use hit dice. Right.
Timothy Sackton: So anybody who uses a hit dice to heal can also add an extra Wendy sex to what they heal.
David Kong: Full HP, hell yeah.
Rev. David: Well, HP
Mike Sackton: And never took damage to begin with.
Timothy Sackton: That's true never dead.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what's with all you people wedding bad guys hit you.
Rev. David: I'm doing that. So the head will be go see what's in that building will be
David Kong: Scott ahead next time.
David Kong: Tunnel.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't get my
Timothy Sackton: Back. Yeah, you need to sleep you need to take a long rest.
Mike Sackton: To get away. Don't you have the
Mike Sackton: Do you get the get your spouse lot get one spell slot back at second level.
Timothy Sackton: Now bards don't get that.
Mike Sackton: Isn't Erica wizard.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Mike Sackton: Oh, you're a bard.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah I missed that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, oh no, that's for, oh man.
Mike Sackton: I forgot your, you are a wizard, and the other one.
Timothy Sackton: That's yes
Eric Rosenbaum: Quick short rest. I can do recover.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or it just says barred hit die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Monday plus two total to
Timothy Sackton: Yeah you you Bart, you don't get you pretty much get nothing back in that short rests.
Brutal
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: You could, you could camp for the night and investigate in the morning, this does seem like a pretty safe spot.
Mm hmm.
David Kong: Well, let's assess here for a moment what we think is happening.
David Kong: You know, clearly there's some kind of underground system here and
David Kong: It's, I don't know the energy of this this particular room feels safe and it feels somehow
David Kong: You know, and again this goes back to my feelings earlier about this being at least what one point a holy place.
David Kong: This, this, at one point in its history was, I think, quite a sacred place and somehow been desecrated. There's still some energy connecting to that time where where
David Kong: Where there was there was holiness here, this was
David Kong: There was something here and something is obviously gone horribly wrong.
David Kong: It feels like whatever, whatever that the source of that poison is is maybe below us.
David Kong: Tomorrow there any other web search all the buildings. Now, we went to the Pentagon place and the other place I could we kind of start
David Kong: Out with me and buildings and the fourth
Timothy Sackton: You haven't searched the towers. The Two Towers are still relatively tact no limits, but the was relatively
Mike Sackton: It was of. Yeah.
David Kong: Yeah, we could we could complete searching the towers and then but it strikes me that it feels like somehow there's there's something below us that
Mike Sackton: I think we should at least
Mike Sackton: See what's down there tonight. Today briefly before we
Rev. David: Perform that night. Here it's early yet though. I mean, it's still like early afternoon.
David Kong: But secret needs to regain his
Timothy Sackton: Stripes.
Timothy Sackton: It's early afternoon.
David Kong: And I don't know how far we want to venture with that seeker without seeker fully regaining the strength. True.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: So we did the short rest already so I have full
Eric Rosenbaum: Hit point. Yeah, I just don't have
Timothy Sackton: They're all Full House. You just don't have spells.
David Kong: Well, let's check out the towers. Yeah.
David Kong: We have to see we can
David Kong: Investigate the towers.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: The, the one on the left. The the
Timothy Sackton: Seems basically full of rubble. The door has burst open. There's like stones pulling out
Timothy Sackton: From what you know probably well be could like squirm in
Timothy Sackton: But there's no way anybody maybe seeker. But there's no way that dealt with or
Timothy Sackton: Or Kenzo is is getting in inside through the sort of opening, but looking in, it seems largely
Timothy Sackton: That the that the sort of top half of the tower fell down into the middle of the tower and it's basically just full of rubble.
Rev. David: Well, I'll squirm in and take a look around, just for the
Timothy Sackton: Second half weakness on the inside is indeed. Well, give me a perception check, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: The inside is
Timothy Sackton: Very clearly just full of rubble.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing really is, you can tell. Now for working here. You look straight up. You can see the
Timothy Sackton: sky above you, it's kind of nice and cool actually against the stone wall but
Timothy Sackton: Nothing really to see but Robben
Timothy Sackton: Island.
Rev. David: It's very relaxing. But there's nothing
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Tower on the right is in somewhat better shape.
Timothy Sackton: The top only the roof seems to have collapsed and the top little bit has fallen not down into the middle but off to the side so you can see some rumbling stuff.
Timothy Sackton: strewn across the ground here sort of pointing in the direction of the cistern.
Timothy Sackton: The door the sort of empty way has has rotted away.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Essentially collapse so you can just kind of look in
Timothy Sackton: To the there's still a bunch of rocks kind of screwing around but not nearly quite the
Timothy Sackton: You know, not not nearly so full as Rubble, full of rubble as the other one.
Timothy Sackton: You want to also search in there.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: It it mostly seems to be
Timothy Sackton: Full of rubble. The one thing that you do see
Timothy Sackton: That sort of catches your eye as you're
Timothy Sackton: Turning to leave after sort of looking around is a mostly decomposed skeleton.
Timothy Sackton: Most of its items and equipment, whatever. It had rusted away. But what catches your eye is a little bit of a glint from a, like a
Timothy Sackton: Horn made out of, out of like a ram's horn, but with a silver sword is filigree design on it and the glint of the silver in the sun catches your eye.
Rev. David: And bringing out with me and
Rev. David: We suppose this thing is
Timothy Sackton: So bringing it out in the sun. You can see that the silver is in the design of a of a galloping horse.
David Kong: Tin Can I do like a religion check and see if I recognize the artifact, you know anything about it.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, I would say, Yeah, go ahead.
Religion.
Timothy Sackton: I would say history, actually.
David Kong: History
Mike Sackton: In a real history too.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, Kenzo yeah dealt with doesn't know anything, this is not this is outside of your, your area but Kenza you do recognize this is
Timothy Sackton: Relatively common motif that you've seen in very
Timothy Sackton: Various artifacts of the sort of various like banner ads and standards and things of the Dunbar army in particular its associated with the with the army from around the time of the of the Great War and shortly after
Timothy Sackton: The sort of Running Horse motif.
David Kong: Interesting. Yeah, this is it. This is done Mari
David Kong: It seems like magic.
David Kong: It is old, from the time in the Great War.
Rev. David: Maybe back in town. They'll know more about it.
David Kong: It's a magic.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
You know,
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't. Oh, I could do a ritual.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could take some time. I mean, you're not in a rush.
Timothy Sackton: You want to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Sure. Okay. Ah, yes, it is in fact does seem to be magical
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
David Kong: Tim. Can I investigate the skeleton and do Perception checks if I can learn even more about whoever was whoever used to, you know,
Sure.
David Kong: All right, let me perceive something here.
David Kong: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So most of the skeletons gear has rusted and rotted away, except for this horn.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, from what is left, though this was probably an individual who was
Timothy Sackton: Not likely a full, you know, not a soldier, maybe a Scout and outriders somebody like that, um, you know, the little bits of armor and stuff that are remaining are pretty light and you know there's not
Timothy Sackton: rusted weapons or anything like that that you can see. Although conceivably something could have rusted entirely away. You're pretty careful sort of moving things around.
Timothy Sackton: The best there, you can come up with is this was maybe a maybe like a Scout or
Timothy Sackton: Something, something like that in the arm.
David Kong: Is this body been here for like 200 years
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: For a while, I mean, it's certainly it's been here long enough for
Timothy Sackton: It to you know in the drive desert air to kind of all the flesh to rot away or be eaten by insects and the skeleton to, kind of, you know, yellow, a little bit, maybe not 200 baby a generation after the Great War, but roughly that time period.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the horn is magical, he said.
Timothy Sackton: The horn is magical
Eric Rosenbaum: What can I find out about its magical qualities
Timothy Sackton: So it seems to be
Timothy Sackton: That the magic that you sense running through it seems to be some sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know, protective or
Timothy Sackton: Defensive kind of magic, not, not necessarily like a, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Shielding like strong kind of protection, but
Timothy Sackton: You know, almost like a like alarm type
David Kong: Well, the I dare you to blow on it.
David Kong: I'm kidding, friend.
David Kong: I'm tempted, though, I'm tempted, though.
David Kong: What shall we do
Mike Sackton: I think we go investigate the tunnel.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's take the light. Let's take the horn and go in
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
David Kong: In terms of music.
Rev. David: Yep. Cancer is cancer, Denmark, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Cuz I was tomorrow.
Rev. David: I'm gonna give you the coursework and then
David Kong: I'm okay. That's, that's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: That makes sense.
David Kong: So I'll say to you all to now on if anything goes down south down there. I'm gonna blow on this thing.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's resolved, who is carrying the light
Timothy Sackton: It's dark as he dropped down so only dealt with and seeker can see without light.
David Kong: In a certain standard sort of meta, meta game question in like standard D amp D, like, you know, go go into catacombs type thing, like the order that you go is is important, right. Like, like so. So who who should be going first. If we're being smart.
Mike Sackton: Good question. I'd say
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be you.
Mike Sackton: Can say we're dealt with.
Yeah.
David Kong: All right, well, I can go first and I
Mike Sackton: Was gonna say, I can see in the dark.
David Kong: Oh, then you go first.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I called dark
Mike Sackton: I think you take up the rear with the light
David Kong: I'll take the
Mike Sackton: Speakers behind me.
David Kong: Nice. Okay. I like this plan.
Rev. David: I'll stick in front of Kenzo
Rev. David: Yeah yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect great plan.
Mike Sackton: And we could be set. I mean, it's probably worth being
Mike Sackton: A few minutes a few feet apart right so
Mike Sackton: Not how, how big is the is the spread of the light
Timothy Sackton: Um, that's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: Is
Timothy Sackton: It's basically a torch.
Timothy Sackton: It's like an overburden torch basically
Timothy Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: Blame it's not answer my question.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I say say 20 feet.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Make it just look up the torch. Yeah. Indeed, the rules a torch provides later 20 foot radius and gain weight in a 20 foot radius past
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: That was his infant
Mike Sackton: I think we should be spaced out enough so that dealt with is 45 feet in front of Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So that means I'm still in the dark.
Timothy Sackton: You're still in the day. OK.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: The crumbling hole in the floor slopes down in a in this fairly narrow tunnel so down with and Kenza, you have to duck your heads.
Timothy Sackton: And it continues down maybe 10 or 1520 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 30 about 40 feet until you come to have an opening the ceiling above. He was a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Higher and standing in front of you in this sort of opening, looking away from you, you see a statue of a human, man.
Timothy Sackton: Wearing a leather armor and cloak.
Timothy Sackton: In one hand does a dagger, the other arm is is broken off.
Timothy Sackton: And the face the head. There's two quarters that exit. Once the left one to the right from this and the statue is looking to the
Timothy Sackton: Left with a look of surprise.
Timothy Sackton: On the floor. You can see the other arm of the statue, which is holding a torch.
David Kong: Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
David Kong: What's it look like it was a dude that was down here that somehow got turned into a statue, as opposed to like somebody came and built the statue of I do with the torch.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, probably.
Rev. David: Um,
Who knows.
David Kong: We done
Eric Rosenbaum: To happen to
David Kong: Me. Can we all do like Perception checks to see if we can learn something about like like is this dude done Mari is the human is the you know any other kind of notable things about this dude.
Sure.
David Kong: All right, I'm gonna roll Perception check
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Overall to
Nice.
David Kong: I think
Timothy Sackton: So you're all enough
Now, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Um, so
Timothy Sackton: There are
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to tell. I mean it is definitely an extremely detailed statue sort of unnaturally detailed
Um,
Timothy Sackton: The face looks quite surprised and as looking
Timothy Sackton: Down the left hand quarter at something
Timothy Sackton: You don't see anything down there.
Timothy Sackton: I'm down with you, you notice a small golden coin on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: There are also a number of
Timothy Sackton: Like animal bones, you see one.
Timothy Sackton: Statue of the front legs and face of a hyena.
Timothy Sackton: None of the nothing that you neither the at the
Timothy Sackton: The human or the hyena are intact and you also see a
Timothy Sackton: Like what looks like the leg of some sort of small wild dog but in stone.
Timothy Sackton: There's also a few humanoid bones.
Mike Sackton: I will pick up the coin with them it with a major
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it's
Mike Sackton: In Japan, close to look at it.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Do get a sense of weight through match. And I don't think you do.
Timothy Sackton: You enough was more than five.
Timothy Sackton: Pounds, but I don't think you can like judge the weight of something. Can you
Mike Sackton: Know, I don't think
Rev. David: You should be able to, because if you can manipulate something you need to have like haptic feedback from the mainstream and it's
Timothy Sackton: True.
Mike Sackton: Okay point
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the point
So if argued
Timothy Sackton: Heavier than you would expect for size.
Timothy Sackton: It's only it's small, but it feels dense.
Timothy Sackton: There's a was a portrait on the front face and three columns on the back.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Tim, the, the statue work here. This is the shaping of stone, being an area of my interest and expertise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is impressive to me too. I know of any existing phenomenon that would like either create something of this detail level or
Eric Rosenbaum: Transform somebody like that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so I mean you've definitely heard
Timothy Sackton: Various kinds of creatures that will turn you to start on what seems a little bit odd is that none of the what strikes me as a little bit audience that nothing here seems to be intact.
Timothy Sackton: Right. Like you've heard legends of
Timothy Sackton: Things like
Timothy Sackton: You know, legendary creatures like Medusa that can turn you to stone with their gaze.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But everything that stone here. It looks like almost like it was dead before it was turned to stone.
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: The, the arm that's broken off doesn't seem like it was broken off.
Timothy Sackton: And and then turn to stone. I mean, it doesn't seem like it was turned to stone and then the stone broke
Eric Rosenbaum: Know,
Timothy Sackton: It seems like the arm was like cut or ripped or bit off and then the thing dying creature was turn to stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very strange.
David Kong: wouldn't matter. It's strange magic is going on down here. I didn't know like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we're standing here. I think I'm going to use
Eric Rosenbaum: Stone sense
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: She has a 300 foot range, but I can only do this once per day, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Let me see how
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my god.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess this is a large underground area.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sending a message, Eric, thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: sitting cross legged on the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: with my eyes closed, kind of
Timothy Sackton: Our and make
Timothy Sackton: Make them in intelligence jack
Eric Rosenbaum: To that not do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I
Timothy Sackton: DON'T SEE ANYTHING alternate but
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm having trouble with the like top level ones because that's where I just click on where it says intelligence at the top right, yeah.
Mike Sackton: You have to click on the little beyond 20 button. There we go. Oh, I did terrible
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you still learn
David Kong: Can you turn on some music when you get a chance
Timothy Sackton: Oh right, I stopped the screenshot and somehow
Timothy Sackton: stop screen sharing
Eric Rosenbaum: That was the problem.
David Kong: That's me know how scared I should be
David Kong: So what do you think is going on guys.
Mike Sackton: What could
Rev. David: What could do this. Well, let's even
Mike Sackton: Hate it can make it our con I check if I heard of anything that would turn you to stone when you die.
David Kong: Same
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure
Mike Sackton: They'll throw it doesn't know anything today.
It's
Timothy Sackton: I would say
Timothy Sackton: There's nothing that
Timothy Sackton: This isn't, this isn't something that seems like a common thing in your experience.
Timothy Sackton: You've heard of creatures like
Timothy Sackton: Like kaka traces and things like that that can turn you just don't. This would be Kenza, they can turn you just don't temporarily
Timothy Sackton: It's possibly maybe some like mutant form of something like that that could turn you to stone temporarily, but then only if you died, would it become permanent or something like that. But this isn't something that you've
Timothy Sackton: You know regularly.
David Kong: Is it
Mike Sackton: Is it worth taking a few minutes to see that I think
Mike Sackton: I think I'd like to see if this this coin is magical
Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let me if
Mike Sackton: I take a few minutes.
Mike Sackton: My, my sense of the magical auras will stay with me for some time.
Mike Sackton: It may be useful down here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: So I'm going to Dallas sort of starts
Mike Sackton: Goes into a little bit of a trance and starts kind of looking at the
Mike Sackton: After about 10 minutes he says it is magical
Mike Sackton: Seems to be related to transmutation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Transmutation
Mike Sackton: Modifies something
Eric Rosenbaum: To clean itself modifies things or has been modified
David Kong: Or protects you from being modified
Rev. David: Turns things to stone.
David Kong: Nobody's taking
Timothy Sackton: Those baby.
Timothy Sackton: Faces nobody's touching you're holding it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the way, I did detect some
Eric Rosenbaum: Obsidian down here with us, which is a kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: volcanic glass.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right. Right. It's the black glassy
David Kong: Wasn't obsidian like like shit. But they didn't
Is there any other but
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an interesting question. You raise kids. Oh.
Mike Sackton: Is there any other magic that meta game.
Mike Sackton: Is there any other magic down here.
Timothy Sackton: Not within 30 feet of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the, the obsidian is clearly not naturally occurring because that would be something associated with like rapidly cooling
Timothy Sackton: lava flow is definitely not naturally
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems likely there's an obsidian artifact. It's 100 250 feet south of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be a little could be a lot of moisture
David Kong: Like this chase
Eric Rosenbaum: Which with directions to the to the tunnels leading away from here point
Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Roughly south west and south east
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, great.
Rev. David: I'm just realizing when we're doing this full looking on the ground for tracks. Is there a clear direction that
Mike Sackton: Anybody can do
Rev. David: It, anybody can come here.
Timothy Sackton: To shut up, make a
Timothy Sackton: Make a survival check
David Kong: Your Bible check
Mike Sackton: There we go, well be.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with can't see anything but
So,
Mike Sackton: Go kids out
Timothy Sackton: So,
Rev. David: You guys don't want to try this torch.
Rev. David: shines like
Timothy Sackton: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: So there are, it's hard to tell exactly. There's, I mean it is basically stone.
Timothy Sackton: So it's
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's not a
Timothy Sackton: It's not like mud or it's not even the sand or dirt, like about so tracking hair is not easy.
Timothy Sackton: But you kind of, you know, think for a minute about back into your into your past, when you've been exploring it into the wilderness and scouting you know for your family and you just sort of concentrate for a moment and the sense comes over you and you notice
Timothy Sackton: What seemed to be a series of little like chicken sized
Timothy Sackton: Like claw marks cut into the rock like salt lake there were things that were running back and forth on the
Timothy Sackton: South on the left hand passage
Timothy Sackton: Nothing goes into the right hand passage
Eric Rosenbaum: Something small and with claws.
Timothy Sackton: Small with claws and more than one
David Kong: But
David Kong: I don't know how to say this in a in a elegant way but
David Kong: There's something out here. That's fucking with these beasts and whatever it is.
David Kong: It feels like it's down here and
David Kong: Yes, I don't
David Kong: I asked myself every day why I left the city basically is what I
David Kong: Coming back to I don't like these tunnels. I don't like what's going on down here.
David Kong: I don't, I don't like this strange stone statute here. I don't know what's going on here. Gentlemen, but this is a
Mike Sackton: Isn't it standing up. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The statue is standing
Timothy Sackton: It's like a, I guess I would say on one knee i mean it's it's start it's
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's on one knee.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if the statue is our friend who we tracked and then camped outside came in here tangled with something that ripped us
Rev. David: Off in the distance, you have this pack on
Timothy Sackton: That it does not have a pack on
Timothy Sackton: It does have a water skin.
David Kong: Is it dressed in garb that would give any indication of when it got turned into a statue.
David Kong: Like age like
David Kong: Whatever era. Yeah, like is the statue been here for like
Eric Rosenbaum: 100 years 500. It was like last week.
Timothy Sackton: It hasn't been here for 100 years it's clearly hasn't weathered a even a tiny bit so it could have been maybe up to maybe a year, at most, but probably much more recent
Rev. David: This is our guy.
David Kong: Like a week, two weeks.
Timothy Sackton: It could have easily been that soon. Yes.
David Kong: So if there's something down this tunnel that turns turns humans into stone. I mean, this is this is a
David Kong: I don't like this at all.
Mike Sackton: That you look them Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a perception check
David Kong: check on that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: You want to be stone.
Timothy Sackton: That's
Timothy Sackton: It's hard.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's
Timothy Sackton: It's very hard to tell, though.
Timothy Sackton: That you know
Timothy Sackton: Maybe
Rev. David: Well, I'll say with
Rev. David: With respect, Kenzo
Rev. David: This is exactly why I left the city.
Rev. David: And I
Rev. David: were so close. We can't turn back now.
David Kong: I mean,
David Kong: Doing. Do we have any idea what is what's what's turning things to stone and what's going on with this floating point over here. See you. I mean, if we touch it. Is that going to turn us into stone. This is a
David Kong: Lot of unknowns here that I'm not very happy about.
David Kong: What is the girl.
Eric Rosenbaum: three columns on one side was in the other face to
Timothy Sackton: Face.
Rev. David: Face.
Mike Sackton: This is like a coin that we recognize, is it
Timothy Sackton: Who is looking at it.
Mike Sackton: I am
Mike Sackton: It is a coin anybody recognizes
David Kong: Arcana religion. History
Rev. David: Can I racial memory.
Timothy Sackton: Um yeah you yes actually definitely
Timothy Sackton: Make history check
Rev. David: That
Timothy Sackton: So you just add some racial memory.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the first time this has ever happened.
Timothy Sackton: To the actual games they made it up.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: I think it gives you
Rev. David: You can rely on racial memory to add twice your proficiency bonus to intelligence.
Timothy Sackton: Data, yes.
Rev. David: Alright, so it's going to be this plus for
Timothy Sackton: You see 16 okay I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Rev. David: So I look at it and then sort of pause and my eyes and focus a little bit like I'm just lost in thought, deep, deep in remembering something
Timothy Sackton: Hold on, I'm messaging you
Rev. David: Means beware of Medusa chickens.
Rev. David: As you know what's strange here is I do recognize this coin.
Rev. David: Yeah, the chart and coin from 200 years ago 300 years ago. I mean, they haven't minted these in ages. But it's definitely a coin of chart.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Oh,
David Kong: Tim. So, okay, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's worth
Eric Rosenbaum: Three of something
Yeah.
David Kong: I mean, I'm from charting is it
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's not like a denomination that you would normally see like this is not the
Timothy Sackton: The right size at least modern coins.
Timothy Sackton: But of course the size and shape of of coins has changed over the years. And if it's if it's right that it's from
Timothy Sackton: Several hundred years ago that
Timothy Sackton: It wouldn't look exactly like what you're familiar with.
Eric Rosenbaum: But maybe
Timothy Sackton: The portrait on one side.
Timothy Sackton: Design on the reverse is common in coins minted by Charter.
Eric Rosenbaum: But maybe it's something else other than a coin that's been transmuted into a coin.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Smiling was the right guess
David Kong: Is anybody gonna touch it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean I'm I'm getting curious about it. I'll um
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll reach out in and pitch it between two fingers.
Rev. David: Do
Backup kills
Timothy Sackton: It feels like a heavy gold coin.
Timothy Sackton: definitely feels heavier than
Timothy Sackton: Coins should be for the size
Mike Sackton: How heavy is it like, like is it does it feel like it's
Mike Sackton: Like a painter like
Timothy Sackton: A power. No, no, like, like
Timothy Sackton: half a pound pound maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: So, and given that it's like the size of a quarter. That's remarkable.
Rev. David: Yes, exactly. A secret flip it hits. We go left columns we go right
Eric Rosenbaum: Like the way you think. Now let's raise the stakes. Just kidding.
Eric Rosenbaum: I flipped the coin.
Timothy Sackton: As it's flipping in the air, it flips over and the coin does not fall back to the ground, but as it's beginning to fall. It grows becomes thinner and becomes translucent and is now like hovering platform of force. Enter of like energy in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: Just like standing there.
Timothy Sackton: Hovering next to Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'd have a is it now.
Timothy Sackton: It's, um,
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
Mike Sackton: Like
Mike Sackton: What kind of magic is that
Timothy Sackton: Presentation.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to spell. I recognize
Eric Rosenbaum: That we're playing
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's
Rev. David: Like tensor is floating disk sized
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's it's tenses flitting sighs Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Three feet in diameter and one inch deck it's floating three feet above the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, that is an unexpected outcome of what of what otherwise would have appeared to be a fared coin toss.
Rev. David: And we're no closer to know which direction to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll attempt to flip it again.
Mike Sackton: To coin banished, though, right.
Timothy Sackton: Clean point lights out
Timothy Sackton: And became the desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David: So the person this the statue guy came down with this following him maybe carrying something
Rev. David: When he was turned to stone. Eventually, it turned back into a coin again and after some amount of time. That's why it was on the floor.
Mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: But was there anything. Go ahead.
David Kong: No, no, what turned into stone.
Rev. David: And where'd it go find that it
Rev. David: Was on this disco.
Timothy Sackton: Haven't seen anything that would have been on this desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know, hmm, can we move to disk around by pushing it.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to want to follow you seeker.
Timothy Sackton: You can push it, but then it just kind of comes back.
Timothy Sackton: Alright hovers
Timothy Sackton: About 20 feet away from you.
David Kong: Well secrets. Secrets holding the secrets holding the coin. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Three other coins God you
David Kong: See her flipped it up into the air and it
Timothy Sackton: When it was coming back down spread itself out into this
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, so, now, now we have this platform. So I'm experimenting with it moving around. It's following me I press down on it with all my weight and I cannot cause it to lower probably right.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can't cause it to lower
Rev. David: I'm going to climb up on to it.
Rev. David: Okay, yeah.
Rev. David: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can ride on it, it can definitely carry your way.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, doesn't seem to move
Eric Rosenbaum: We could, we could get the statue upstairs, presumably if we wanted to get it out into the open
Rev. David: That is very interesting. I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we think as far as we can tell it's a statue of a person that is already dead. We're not gonna somehow freedom from the stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we don't know for sure it right
Mike Sackton: Well, I'm
Rev. David: Sure that the gods.
Mike Sackton: Think their arm was cut off and they bled to death before they turned into a statue.
Timothy Sackton: That's your hypothesis.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's very difficult to tell cause of death of someone that's already been turned us down the yes
Mike Sackton: Correct. It is
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: He was turning to stone is also a cause of death.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David: All right, credibly difficult to be a corner and
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: I had joked about trying to flip it again. I'm actually going to try to make the same gesture to it again to see if I can turn it back into a coin by like flicking it upward with my thumb from underneath.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's simply fails to turn back into a corner.
Timothy Sackton: And fastest turns back into acquired
Rev. David: Said left
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, anybody needs anything they want carried because I cannot carry a lot of stuff.
Mike Sackton: We can use it to carry all the altars and things that we were going to bring back to the village.
David Kong: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: So back into a marching order.
David Kong: Yeah, absolutely. At some point in
Rev. David: Time it stops being a floating disk and becomes a coin again.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
Mike Sackton: Well, we'll find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps all of a sudden
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
David Kong: Just really unhappy.
Timothy Sackton: Because who is you're still in the same order guy with and
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I'm order. Okay, so you continue the
Rev. David: Way as I guess we go I try and do like kids have a pep talk
Rev. David: About exploring is
Rev. David: Wonderful Adventure of new experience and discovery.
You
Timothy Sackton: The passageway continues to slope down
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 50 feet sort of twisting and getting a little bit narrower, to the point at which you know dealt with your, your, sort of hunched over
Timothy Sackton: You know, bent nearly and half kind of
Timothy Sackton: Cross almost crawling your way along the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Timothy Sackton: Halfway endorsed still fine. Maybe, just maybe,
Timothy Sackton: Secret. You just have to bend your head, but well be. It's just in whatever this is perfectly fine.
Timothy Sackton: Until you come out.
Timothy Sackton: Dell with first you see in front of you a cave opening up
Timothy Sackton: And there's a money pit that surrounded by six, sort of like chicken sized maybe small chicken sized things that look like a cross between a check in and some sort of reptilian lizard snake thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Timothy Sackton: There's a theory, there's
Timothy Sackton: They, they seem to me.
Mike Sackton: Are they alive or statues.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, they're alive. Two of them are next to a stone statue of a lion, which
David Kong: Happens.
David Kong: Is what happens when you have an evolutionary biologist as your DM
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you watch it.
Timothy Sackton: Turn to turn to flash and then swipe it one of the creatures which then ducks out of the way and pecks it on the claw and it turns to stone again.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, who of them are
Timothy Sackton: pecking at what seemed like unhappy eggs buried in the mud and two of them seem to be fighting each other I'm packing out each other but unable to turn each other to stone. Nobody has noticed you
Timothy Sackton: It's a pretty chaotic scene. There's like Steam raising rising from the money pit.
Mike Sackton: All
Timothy Sackton: Has to be fighting everybody
Mike Sackton: Say no for everybody to stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the hell.
David Kong: Yeah. How many, how many of these things are there.
Timothy Sackton: There's six of them, plus a lion.
Rev. David: And this money pit is not like the sister, and this is not something that's we haven't ended up
Timothy Sackton: Now there's nothing in the ceiling. This definitely doesn't look like what you saw what secrets. I'm looking down in this
David Kong: Is there, is there any other light in this room, other than the light. Like, like, like a while the end
David Kong: Or sorry,
David Kong: But yeah, there's no. Is there any light in there.
Timothy Sackton: No, there's no land in there. They don't seem to be particularly bothered by the glow coming from the, from the
Timothy Sackton: Cave passageway though.
Rev. David: Was the passage where we came through big enough for all of
Rev. David: The oversized creatures. We've encountered to have come out.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Timothy Sackton: Certainly it's big enough for like a lion to squeeze through definitely would not be big enough for a giant hyena at that end keg centipede acid creature thing, unless it was digging its own title definitely wouldn't be big enough for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's, what's going on with this mud pit, like is it
Eric Rosenbaum: What's, what's what's causing it to be there is there is it like a
Eric Rosenbaum: Geological feature like one of those calls
Timothy Sackton: Like like
Eric Rosenbaum: Outer being forced up through cracks in the stone by heating
Timothy Sackton: That's you can't really tell from across the room. It just looks like a sort of a muddy.
Timothy Sackton: Like, like a muddy patch. It doesn't look like it's not like a geyser that there's like obvious natural formation. It looks like on Monday patch across the room.
Timothy Sackton: That seems to be bubbling a little bit but
Timothy Sackton: was far too far away for you to be able to tell
Eric Rosenbaum: The order.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: There. Let's see. I didn't even think about that, um,
Timothy Sackton: It, it smells kind of earthy. It doesn't smell like sulphurous or or gassy or anything like that.
David Kong: Emma. Any idea what these animals are
David Kong: Any, any way to
David Kong: Figure out that
David Kong: Story religion Arcana
Ah,
Mike Sackton: Nature.
Timothy Sackton: Major Arcana or nature really icon. I would say not nature.
David Kong: Are calling
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who's proficient in her comment.
Mike Sackton: Finally, a good role. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Dealt with they. I mean, you have heard of cockatoo races creatures that are you know are known to be able to temporarily turn things down and
Timothy Sackton: In their normal state anyway would turn something to stone, and then, you know, sort of packet apart and then eat it after it turned back these seem
Timothy Sackton: Sort of maybe like babies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh god.
Timothy Sackton: Right. Of course you haven't heard of cockatoos is that I can
Timothy Sackton: Permanently turn something even
Mike Sackton: Even dead right
David Kong: Does that mean that that dude back there is gonna turn back into a human and some point and
Mike Sackton: While we think he's done right. We think that they permanently. The theory is they turn to stone permanently if they die.
Timothy Sackton: That is a theory.
Rev. David: Interesting.
Mike Sackton: How often is the lion turning back. Like, can we just, let's just, like, try and hide in the quarter and watch for a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: The first time it turned back at
Timothy Sackton: Turned back almost immediately. And then the second time it's it's maybe a minute and it turns back again and then it just squats one and crushes it on the ground, then it gets packed again and turns again to a minute.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: It seems like maybe if you had quietly, the lion might be able to squish these things they seem not to be like one good swipe of the of the lions.
Timothy Sackton: Of the lions claws seem to squish. One of the, of the
Timothy Sackton: His little baby Kochi says if that's what they are and then
Timothy Sackton: But then it gets packed again and it seems to solidify into stone for a bit longer.
Timothy Sackton: At that point, and now
Timothy Sackton: Where do they few minutes
Mike Sackton: Doing when it's done.
Mike Sackton: They're just like
Mike Sackton: They're not like trying to
Mike Sackton: Stone or anything. Right.
Timothy Sackton: That they they seem
Timothy Sackton: On sure what they're doing, to be honest. They honestly they look like I'm like chicks, like packing up like scratching around in in dirt.
David Kong: Right legs. I want to be here.
David Kong: When the when the parents.
Timothy Sackton: Almost like
Timothy Sackton: Playing with
I'm
David Kong: Looks like the parents dropped the lion down here for like the kids to play with.
Mike Sackton: Any other ways to interact
Timothy Sackton: From this
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: There just in the shadows at the edge of your dark vision sort of on the other side of the money pet or the money patch there does seem to be a passage way leading South
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Huh.
Rev. David: Said, we've killed them all into going
Eric Rosenbaum: at risk of being turned us down.
Mike Sackton: Just don't let them hit you. I think
Mike Sackton: The wild seems to be turning back pretty frequently. So I don't know if it hurts turn to stone, but I think you'd survive it.
David Kong: Let me go back to the passage way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I think it's worth seeing what's here. Where's the obsidian compared to here.
Timothy Sackton: Further south.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. We made it.
Mike Sackton: Meeting.
Mike Sackton: We've gotten the wrong way or meeting. It's on the other side of the passage
Timothy Sackton: Kind of everything so
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Both of the passengers are leading roughly South yeah I'm southwest, per se.
Timothy Sackton: It's you haven't gone past. It's still further.
Timothy Sackton: You know, South right you're heading sort of South East so if you if you took a little bit of a right and had it directly South you and sort of get towards where the city is this
David Kong: Or is it like, like if we were whispering can hear us might be these creatures, they kind of just paying us know mind.
Timothy Sackton: They kind of seem to be paying you know mind to have that destroying a couple of eggs that are in the on the side of the mud pet.
David Kong: I have most
Timothy Sackton: Of them are fighting each other.
David Kong: God seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you can just see me kind of like, motioning vaguely calculating angles and forces and stuff and I'm I'm I'm imagining that I might be able to use my ability to mold the earth here to cause the two eggs to roll into the center of the pit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps attracting the attention of the other creatures here, then I could perhaps undercut them and cover them over drowning them in the mud.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an idea.
David Kong: I just I just like I just mentioned, like, like we get, like, I just, I just want to get like we talk we talk back over there.
That by the statute just for a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to be.
David Kong: Sure. Right.
David Kong: So let's take it back up. Look.
David Kong: This is the situation.
David Kong: Whatever the hell, those, those little things are the parents are not far away. Okay, like, well, the parents are not far and
David Kong: I feel like seeker is diminished right now and needs to get some rest. If we want to actually have some firepower in case something stronger is is down there.
David Kong: Mm hmm. So I'm all for doing an initial scout right here, but I don't like I don't like those those little. I mean, you know, even if we can get around those little guys fine but
David Kong: On I said we I say we take a look down this other tunnel, see if there's anything dangerous. We know that other ways is a little treacherous and anything that we do to affect or kill or bored or mess with those kids.
David Kong: I don't want to deal with his parents. And if I'm not trying to turn myself into the stones statue like this guy down here in this tunnel.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we might have a chance to find some obsidian. Do I know something about the historical or archaic meaning of obsidian.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you would make while making our contact
David Kong: Can we can we all make an archiving and our kind of check
Timothy Sackton: Know, just seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work.
Timothy Sackton: Is the only one who would know about the arcade uses of gems.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I mean, you do know that, you know,
Timothy Sackton: At least in the dorm and tradition, you know, many
Timothy Sackton: You know, things like obsidian are often used as like arcane folk focuses and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: It is glass, but it can be shaped. I mean, you would know because you're
Timothy Sackton: You're proficient in glass blowers tools aren't you
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so you're you're sort of familiar with, with things like this, um,
Timothy Sackton: You know whether there's a special kind of arcane resonance with it. You don't particularly know in detail, but it certainly is.
Timothy Sackton: Often used in that sort of magical way.
Eric Rosenbaum: So should we go down the other branch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Um, so you retreat back to the statue room and then take the right hand tunnel. This passageway as much wider and it seems to have been
Timothy Sackton: Traversed you know like the sides of the walls are kind of
Timothy Sackton: shaken and occasionally you'll pass through a little past pattern of loose earth or something like that and and it seems to have been traversed by
Timothy Sackton: Bigger creatures, you can stand fully, fully up right here and it continues again sloping pretty steeply down
Timothy Sackton: For 6070 feet. And again, you come out into a cavern this secret looks familiar to you. And as you glance up
Timothy Sackton: You can see a little bit of sunlight.
Timothy Sackton: From the, you know, mid afternoon sun shining down from the crack floor of the cistern, and now seem to be directly below the
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Crack floor of the sister, and you can see there's a there's like a spot where the floor has eroded away and there's like the remains of a of a wants to like a giant
Timothy Sackton: flow of water flew out down here and then it kind of washed some stuff away in this cavern. But there's, it's all dry now.
Mike Sackton: Right, like the system collapsed into here.
Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a there's a passage way that leads directly south from this cavern as well. You could probably if you if you wiggle and sort of climb up through the crack into the reservoir of the sister, and it's it's wide enough that that would be possible.
David Kong: Going
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we'll keep going. Yeah.
I think so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Same order. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we direction to water, presumably with food.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this would be the direction that water water flow. Okay, so
David Kong: Is there any water.
Mike Sackton: I'll be right back.
Timothy Sackton: No, it's all good. Yeah, actually. Hold on a sec. I'll also be right back.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to pee. So when we just like pause for five
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, quick break.
Excellent.
David Kong: I don't like this at all.
David Kong: Everybody knows
David Kong: I don't like us at all.
David Kong: Not a fan of this
David Kong: Can hear me.
David Kong: I can't hear you. To some reason.
David Kong: I can hear the music, but I can't hear you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Can you hear me now.
David Kong: There you go. Yeah.
I'm like caves. Now I
David Kong: Feel like I feel like Kenza might have had some bad times. And so much CARDONE and catacombs. Back in the day, that's
Timothy Sackton: That's definitely seems plausible.
Let's see.
To find the right music. Okay, this is perfect.
So frustrating. What
David Kong: I can just doesn't like caves.
Timothy Sackton: Gonna be a thing. Now, isn't that Kenzie
David Kong: I think so.
David Kong: Kendall doesn't like a
David Kong: Give me, give me a city any day.
David Kong: How long have you guys been done an intricate
Mike Sackton: Then
Mike Sackton: I'm Wednesday for me.
Timothy Sackton: I came down Saturday.
Timothy Sackton: I just figured I'd come to, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna, I can work from anywhere right so I'm ready to be down here till the end of July.
David Kong: Are you guys with your families.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they're all done here.
David Kong: Your parents do
Yeah.
David Kong: That's awesome.
David Kong: That's amazing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's nice
Mike Sackton: I was a little weird transitioning from being quarantining at home to
Mike Sackton: Being a house with seven other people but
Right.
David Kong: Why, and all your kids.
Timothy Sackton: And all the kids too. Yeah.
David Kong: Well, is that Seven. Seven. How many
David Kong: Are the kids in the seven
Mike Sackton: There's right now there's nine of us here.
Mike Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Including the kids.
Mike Sackton: Including the kids.
Mike Sackton: Three kids three kids, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Three kids three kids, and then
Fix adults.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, the cats are really interested in ice cream turns out
David Kong: Man, I wish, I wish for a way to get shorts.
David Kong: Physically here because the four of us are
David Kong: Like here we could actually go
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, man.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, good. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: True.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: Seems like some bad actually. There's some again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Do it easier to schedule it
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, it's true pretty
Timothy Sackton: Well have to find some time when this is all over that choice can come out and we can go. I'll go up to Alexandria.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, very good.
David Kong: Yes. And you have to think of some homework for me and me and Eric because what will be in New Hampshire for the whole weekend.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I know, I know. I'm gonna I'll email you in the morning.
David Kong: Awesome. Perfect.
David Kong: Perfect.
David Kong: Kenza does not like
David Kong: What the fuck is going on.
Timothy Sackton: Again question.
David Kong: Yeah, going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Before we go, right.
David Kong: There's like there's like stuck here that's
David Kong: Like kind of connected. Great War. And I'm like, What wasn't obsidian, like a big thing. Was she wasn't that his whole thing like wasn't obscene I
Mike Sackton: Feel like it might have been
David Kong: Pretty sure it was
David Kong: No. So there's all kinds of weird stuff here that connects back with like when our characters around
David Kong: And, you know, like, remember that giant that giant like chasm that Canyon thing. I was like, kind of ripped into the earth, not far from here, that also was like somehow connected to the Great War.
David Kong: And then
David Kong: Oh, it's and is there any sense of like, you know, like you're saying, or like like Kenzo was sensing that there was like this was kind of sacred ground.
David Kong: Down, you know that. And same thing with the, the kind of the Pentagon place like what would that have been before the Great War that this place was built.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm. Ah, probably dating. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Maybe just before, but probably dating to around the time of the Great War.
David Kong: So built around the time of the Great War, maybe a little before maybe after and then at some point gets all fucked up.
David Kong: I'm like,
David Kong: Somebody down here like running crazy, like, you know, looking crisper experiments on like
David Kong: Animals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this is a whole other interesting area under about
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, maybe we should do this.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I have some ideas about that. Well,
Mike Sackton: This underground area.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, in particular the relationship between
Eric Rosenbaum: Like geological distortions.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's worth
Eric Rosenbaum: Just speculating, a little bit about the relationship between the distortions in the geology and in the climate and also like even in the ecosystems, like the animals themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or at least noticing a pattern of all these things being disrupted kind of simultaneously or
Eric Rosenbaum: At least this area that we're in, obviously there's evidence of a sudden rupture.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if these things are related, but it does. See, look. The pattern is OK.
David Kong: Not quite. I mean, it's just is it. The question is, is this some kind of natural phenomenon or like some sort of source of magic that's gone awry.
Mike Sackton: Was there any magic down in the COC trees chicken cave
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no.
David Kong: Or
Timothy Sackton: What's, what's the range.
Mike Sackton: 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now you don't sense any magic down this passage way either.
David Kong: Or is this a more sinister plot or they're humans behind this. Is there some more. Is there more con organized intelligence that's making that that seems to be the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: For is it quite the opposite, and
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we were sort of assuming if we find that Lucas, where all of these creatures are coming from. We could track down somebody who's
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, controlling them right
Eric Rosenbaum: But maybe there is no such
David Kong: That was my first
Eric Rosenbaum: Birth and trouble.
David Kong: That's my first hypothesis but. And who's this person that's been camping here and all that worksheet. Is it that dude.
Mike Sackton: Was the guy can be thinking. Yes, that's
Eric Rosenbaum: What I was saying before, yes, that maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: Just somebody else came to investigate like we did it didn't make it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's good to have an educator
Manager.
Mike Sackton: I wonder, hold on. Could he have had that for a reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: Such as
David Kong: You bring something back with him.
Mike Sackton: Maybe he was trying to bring back something
Like black dress.
Mike Sackton: I don't know aneuploidy an altar.
Mike Sackton: To that makes preachers go crazy.
Rev. David: And she didn't expect the kaka Teresa's to be down here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but
Eric Rosenbaum: He was surprised, but he also had his arm ripped off.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the little chicken things come to ripped off his arm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now this is a
David Kong: That's why they're the parents are here.
David Kong: And that's why we're going to just do a brief examination before we get out and rest.
David Kong: So that if we do encounter the parents.
David Kong: The seeker will at least be be rested enough to be useful and combat because right now he's basically going to be commentary spotter if we actually encounter anything danger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now it's a fair point, Kenzo. It's been a long day. You know, I really do want to go back up and think things over make some sketches and notes before we investigate further. But, but why don't we just go a little
David Kong: Bit today. Let's press on a little bit far
Rev. David: Yeah, that's
David Kong: fine with that. I'm fine with that.
Rev. David: We keep going to one of us gets turn to stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: But no more.
About
This one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, who's
Timothy Sackton: Who's in front door with
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay I you walk forward following down following this as possible, right down a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to approach a opening ahead of you, that opens into a larger cavern. I need you to make a Wisdom saving
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems fine.
Mike Sackton: See how find that is it's not very fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh god.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Unless, by any chance, something for this.
Mike Sackton: In West by a chance it is related to being Charmed
Timothy Sackton: It is not related to being right. Does that include that's just Charmed okay now.
Mike Sackton: Or sleep.
Mike Sackton: Or disease.
David Kong: Hey caves.
Mike Sackton: Do I see any magic.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, nope, you actually see
Timothy Sackton: While that's happening. And you also
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: One more thing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so the
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you.
Timothy Sackton: Down with freezes for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And the rest of you see
Timothy Sackton: Who was second in line.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's gonna be me, actually.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as down with freezes as he enters as he steps towards the engines of this cave
Timothy Sackton: You see ahead of you like looking past his shoulder a larger opening in front of you. There's a
Timothy Sackton: There's a cave opening up and you can see a faint glow from the far side of the cave down the passageway. And you see I'm dropping from the ceiling as dealt with Stand, stand in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: Three skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to do.
Timothy Sackton: They're starting to lumber towards our
Timothy Sackton: Weight, they'll stop.
Mike Sackton: Can I ask you something. Can we
David Kong: Do initiative here, are we
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna are gonna run
David Kong: I mean, these. They don't look. I mean, they're like, they're kind of like the skeletons, we thought earlier right like
David Kong: Yeah. All right. Let's talk about
This
David Kong: Initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, hold on, hold on, guys.
Let me. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So Kansas in the back.
Timothy Sackton: I was in the front.
Timothy Sackton: Well, bees behind there and seeker is next.
Mike Sackton: What that things be obsidian something
Timothy Sackton: No, no, the glow is coming from back out of your sight, I guess.
Rev. David: What's that
Rev. David: I see slowly.
Timothy Sackton: Blackness. Oh, right.
Timothy Sackton: I need to throw on a torch.
Timothy Sackton: Wait, who's cat you're carrying the torch. You're both I'll just send you both carry
David Kong: I've got the door.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now can you see
Mike Sackton: Yes, write it down with a little shout out the source of the the sources here somewhere.
Mike Sackton: The source of the source of the rage and that's controlling the animals.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so sorry I gotta
Eric Rosenbaum: Roll twice. Oh no, I didn't
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So right now, doubtless with is the
Timothy Sackton: This is a mess. Sorry, let me do this differently.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong: Why did we not
Timothy Sackton: I need to add turns for you all.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's gonna be interesting to figure out how I can contribute
Mike Sackton: Well, don't you have can trips
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, they're not things that I can
Eric Rosenbaum: kill civilians with it.
Take your
Rev. David: Daily fiber than me.
Timothy Sackton: fire off a Costco.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker what you got five and Dallas. Where did you get
A weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenza you're up first.
David Kong: Where's where the skeletons. I don't see the skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: There in front of Dallas, they're outside of the range of your torch light.
David Kong: All right, how
Mike Sackton: Many square this, what is this
Timothy Sackton: That is a skeleton.
David Kong: Okay, how many, how many
David Kong: How many New Zealand.
Timothy Sackton: And I guess the other 21234 you can move six squares.
David Kong: 123456
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a Wisdom saving
Timothy Sackton: And also send me a message.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You feel a momentary shutter, but
Timothy Sackton: Nothing else. So that's your movie. Did you see the message I sent you though.
Timothy Sackton: I do. Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So can you see you can see the skeletons. Now I think right
David Kong: I can
Mike Sackton: I can you, I mean you can keep moving it, you can take a second action.
Timothy Sackton: You can, yeah.
Mike Sackton: You could either move
Timothy Sackton: The wind
Timothy Sackton: Steps of the winter bonus action dash
Timothy Sackton: What does make one attack.
David Kong: What is Dash do
Mike Sackton: It once you guys
Mike Sackton: Either move
Timothy Sackton: Take another move
David Kong: Okay, yeah, I'll do that and tackle one on the front.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's, you have to use it when t to do that.
David Kong: Oh, actually, I won't do that, I'll do that yet. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You can always make
David Kong: His attack.
David Kong: Oh, go ahead. range weapons.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, dark arts
David Kong: Yeah, I'm sorry. I'll throw some darts at this dude in the front.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can just throw one dart
Timothy Sackton: That messes. Unfortunately, yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this one is going to
Timothy Sackton: Run forward.
Timothy Sackton: Towards
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Actually, it's going to move here and attack.
Timothy Sackton: With that short sword swing at Dow with
Timothy Sackton: Its gonna do
Mike Sackton: Hold on, hold on.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Is going to do eight points of
Mike Sackton: I will cast a shield
Timothy Sackton: Hero. The 24 shells, not going to help you.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it helps you for the rest of the round.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So you take eight points and piercing damage.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit more.
Timothy Sackton: And that's going to end its turn, this one's gonna go 126 there, and also attack you.
Mike Sackton: Do
Timothy Sackton: That wouldn't fit that one. Yeah, this one's on AWS, but that's best that just slams into the force shield that's in front of you. And that brings us to your turn.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Um, let's see. That was a reaction. So I will cast
Mike Sackton: So, Dallas is going to attack. He
Mike Sackton: Actually
Mike Sackton: I'm going to
Mike Sackton: The kind of
Mike Sackton: Annoying
Mike Sackton: Whatever this one just punished for the fist, one of the top
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Look at something
Mike Sackton: Useful. Alright, I will attack. I will cast hacks. First of all,
Okay.
Mike Sackton: And on the creature
Mike Sackton: One of
Mike Sackton: The one of the one armed one
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then I will attack.
Timothy Sackton: That hips.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then
Timothy Sackton: Are you
Mike Sackton: One handed over to two handed
Timothy Sackton: That blow nearly
Timothy Sackton: Did you add your hex damage.
Mike Sackton: Nope. Six damage.
That kills
Mike Sackton: Us a
Nice.
Mike Sackton: Wait, I don't I that's annoying.
Timothy Sackton: You can't move your head. Can you move your hex.
Mike Sackton: Out because it
Timothy Sackton: Is concentration
Mike Sackton: I can but it's a bonus action, but I can do it. I just spell.
Mike Sackton: It out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but you can any any subsequent subsequent turn so I can do it next turn.
Timothy Sackton: So that ends. Your turn.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one now is gonna run 1234 again attacking doll with
Timothy Sackton: What's your AC oh shield is over now. Right.
Mike Sackton: I don't know when shield and
Mike Sackton: Until the start of your next turn. But does it is it the start of my next turn. After the term I cast it
Timothy Sackton: Well, you didn't you cast it during the skeletons. So it would be over.
Mike Sackton: That makes it seem like kind of crap. Alright, well whatever
Mike Sackton: That makes it very, very sensitive to the addition foreigners, the point
Timothy Sackton: Is yes it is sensitive
Mike Sackton: But anyway.
Timothy Sackton: It hits you with your, with its fist and you
Timothy Sackton: Take one point of blessing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but I have to make a safe to
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you have to make a concentration safe hacks.
Mike Sackton: Forget what that is.
Timothy Sackton: As DC 10 con save
Mike Sackton: The watch. I'm gonna fail this
David Kong: Place.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am
Mike Sackton: I said one point of damage.
Timothy Sackton: One point of damage. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: Rapidly sketch drawing of a glowing hand in the air in front of me and then it flies around behind the skeleton.
Eric Rosenbaum: Closest to me and taps it on the back of the head.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, what is it that you're casting
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's a major hand.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't seem to be, what are you trying to distract it
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like flicking it on the back of the
Eric Rosenbaum: Skull. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: It is
Timothy Sackton: It turns around and looks behind it and then turns back looking at Dallas.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: Also the where is the platform right now is presumably like behind me or something.
Timothy Sackton: That's 20 feet behind you. It's
Timothy Sackton: Falling
Timothy Sackton: It's been following 20 feet behind you, the entire time.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's like
Eric Rosenbaum: Appear kind of
Timothy Sackton: That's it's like, yeah, it's like
Timothy Sackton: Like next to. Well, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna take a couple of step back steps back. We're kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: Like over here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can get out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'll start pushing the platform. So that's in front of me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It's sort of like a magnet doesn't want to get close to you, but if you like grab it and and hold on to it, you can
Timothy Sackton: You can move it around, but you get the sense that it wants to spring to about 10 to 20 feet away from you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And so if left to its own devices.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's actually, if I get it on the other side of me at night, sort of, shoot forward down the passageway.
Timothy Sackton: It's not very fast.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, it would probably drift in that direction, its equilibrium position is to be
Timothy Sackton: About 10 to 20 feet away from you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just having like what is perhaps a normal rational response to being confronted with undid skeletons, which is to try to get something between myself.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to do anything else.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Honest action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well me
Rev. David: I'm going to
Rev. David: Shoot at the top most of to skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That's going to mess. Sadly,
Timothy Sackton: bonus action stay where you are.
Rev. David: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You see, stepping into the at the end of this round stepping into the
Timothy Sackton: From this
Timothy Sackton: passageway in the back.
Timothy Sackton: Ah hobgoblin of sorts.
Timothy Sackton: Flash rotting pieces of this unit porn falling apart.
Timothy Sackton: In one hand is holding a black iron
Timothy Sackton: Staff fixed to the top of which is a sphere of Black Obsidian
Timothy Sackton: Nice side is both drawing darkness to it and also pulsing darkness away from it and almost radiating
Timothy Sackton: A sense of of
Timothy Sackton: Of darkness.
Timothy Sackton: And down with I need you to make another wisdom safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: We found the obsidian.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David Kong: Why does nobody listened to me about fucking caves.
Mike Sackton: 16
I'm
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: It looks around at you.
Timothy Sackton: As it steps into the cave and it it's it's speaks in a rapidly hissing voice in archaic but understandable common
Timothy Sackton: Run puny creatures this power is my
Timothy Sackton: To the initiative order.
Eric Rosenbaum: This power.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK. So while these terms over
Timothy Sackton: Actor Kenzo
David Kong: The skeleton.
Timothy Sackton: With my staff. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: With
David Kong: A lot of enthusiasm.
David Kong: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that is
Timothy Sackton: That actually basically just one blow smash that Skelton half as rare. The force of your quarter staff, every time you connect with the brittle bones of a skeleton. You can just feel crack Crack, crack Crack, crack as you swing entirely through its body.
Rev. David: Let's shut it
Rev. David: Down so you do great and kids.
David Kong: And then you just hear me scream fucking caves and then I unarmed attack on the other one.
Okay.
David Kong: Right.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Hold on. Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: About that hats.
Timothy Sackton: Again, you feel your fist, it's not quite that. But your fist with the force of your
Timothy Sackton: Strength behind that you see several bone shattering as you
Timothy Sackton: As you give it a nice solid punch.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I need. So, oh, hold on.
David Kong: Let me blow this fucking hard soon, too.
Rev. David: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Not a bad idea.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Also, I don't suppose. Anybody has any healing left
Mike Sackton: Yes, I thought
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I need
David Kong: Down rested.
Timothy Sackton: With an Kenzo to make Wisdom saving throws
Mike Sackton: Didn't it just make Wisdom saving through
Mike Sackton: Make another 116 again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you both resist the rotting hobgoblin creature like pulls itself up and holds its Iron. This iron staff out and says, I told you to flee.
Timothy Sackton: But nothing happens and it looks if hobgoblin can look angry if rotting skeletons can look angry. It looks quite angry.
Timothy Sackton: That's going to end its turn
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Mike Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: Tak. I will use a bonus action to move the hacks to the scary guy.
Mike Sackton: And then about
Mike Sackton: And he's gonna have disadvantage by the way on Decks checks.
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack the skeleton in front of
Mike Sackton: He's not
Timothy Sackton: That destroys that one solid blow, and it's just crushed to death.
Mike Sackton: So sorry, Kenzo
Mike Sackton: I'm badly injured. I think any to retreat.
Timothy Sackton: Ah seeker.
David Kong: Hate caves.
David Kong: Just like just swear it is like this, like, very unhappy.
David Kong: hobgoblin thing with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything about goblin culture because this is like an undead hog hobgoblin
Timothy Sackton: Seems to be an
David Kong: Opportunity.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can use my
Eric Rosenbaum: Mold earth and stone ability to draw things on the stone floor.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can make
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just watching it straws here. I don't know. I was
Rev. David: Obvious thing is a penis.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyway, I was thinking about sort of bluff moves that we could do to like till it he'd been trapped inside of some kind of magical. Bring on the floor, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I can cast an illusion. I don't have much that I could do you guys is what I'm trying to say.
Rev. David: You've arranged
Mike Sackton: Just shoot at it with a crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: crossbow and
Eric Rosenbaum: She data.
Timothy Sackton: That could do pretty well actually
Eric Rosenbaum: Where do I
Eric Rosenbaum: Start
Timothy Sackton: Your attacks, there's
Timothy Sackton: A cost like Costco, just click on the
Head thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, that's my first time getting anything
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
There you go.
Timothy Sackton: So click so well damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, sorry. It
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't give you damage or
Timothy Sackton: Click on the one day plus one under your mic crossbow.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just do it manually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, you had, but it's a glancing blow it bass.
Timothy Sackton: While being, do you want to do bonus. I think you still have one inspiration laughed.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker.
Rev. David: Sorry. What you mean secret.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Sorry, I meant seeker, I think, is to have one inspiration. LAUGHS
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't realize
Eric Rosenbaum: Who needs it the most.
David Kong: inspiring me what what doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: Let you add a D sex to any
Timothy Sackton: One role you make within the next 10 minutes
David Kong: For damage.
Timothy Sackton: Damage just
Mike Sackton: By a technology.
Timothy Sackton: And you can add it after you see the role. So if you if you roll. If you just miss you can write
David Kong: Oh,
Mike Sackton: I give it to Kenzo
David Kong: Yeah, give it to me. I'm gonna
David Kong: I'm gonna fuck dude up with melee combat.
Eric Rosenbaum: I draw a glowing cube in the air with six dots on one face and
Eric Rosenbaum: flies into the forehead.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, the
Rev. David: Right move
Rev. David: And
Shoot.
Timothy Sackton: Make our wisdom savings.
Rev. David: Right.
Who
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Messaging.
Rev. David: Alright.
Rev. David: A
Rev. David: Look of deep
Rev. David: uncontrollable anger comes over my face.
Rev. David: And I practically
Rev. David: Quivering as I draw on. And like shaking as I
Rev. David: Shoot.
Hoops
Rev. David: Attack.
David Kong: If
Rev. David: There was
David Kong: A bad guy.
Timothy Sackton: Bad guy. Ah, that is
Timothy Sackton: A mess.
Timothy Sackton: Now the 11 nothing made
Rev. David: Enemies go to section to hide.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Are you still holding a torch.
Rev. David: I don't think I had
The torch or no.
David Kong: Yeah, I had it.
Timothy Sackton: So then, yes.
Rev. David: So I sort of step back towards the rock and contort myself into rock musicians.
Mike Sackton: Should have picked wisdom is that
Mike Sackton: didn't think of that.
Mike Sackton: Wisdom is the disadvantage for
Timothy Sackton: That gives him disadvantage sacks, it doesn't
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but it means is Perception check with have
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's true.
Timothy Sackton: Did you roll your
Mike Sackton: Style.
Rev. David: Thanks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenza, you're up.
David Kong: All right, like screaming at the top of my lungs. I fucking hate caves.
David Kong: Cross quarter staff raised just charged at the dude, and I try to strike at him with my quarter staff.
OK.
David Kong: OK, so in rage. Do you see Kenzo just like
David Kong: This quarter staff.
David Kong: Smacks the dude right across the the collarbone.
David Kong: You know, hopefully hurting him. And yeah, Tim. I'm going to use some some key. And do you
Timothy Sackton: See the tax.
David Kong: Do to do two more attacks.
David Kong: All right, okay, as much
As
David Kong: Another
David Kong: Bows smacking them again and then again just
David Kong: One continuous fluid motion from the quarter staffs try to a flurry of punches.
David Kong: And then can I add six to that.
David Kong: That will happen that will be six.
Timothy Sackton: It's a D sex.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't use it because one of the chain might
Timothy Sackton: Want to save it, because that's pretty low roll.
David Kong: Oh, I can only use it once you
Timothy Sackton: can only use it once. Yeah.
David Kong: I always
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you hit it twice.
David Kong: But so that so it sort of for the first time that 10 damage like 6am for it's just
Timothy Sackton: Now you just use the four because you're heading to handle so
Timothy Sackton: The average of 200 is always going to be the higher than one hand it, but sometimes
Timothy Sackton: Role
David Kong: Of like
David Kong: The first time.
David Kong: That I do six damage or four damage.
Mike Sackton: For
For them.
Timothy Sackton: I can't just take a higher one because then
Timothy Sackton: Gives you a lot more
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: It is going to
Timothy Sackton: Look at you.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, it's going to
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it's gone. It disappears.
David Kong: Of course it does.
Timothy Sackton: And reappears.
Timothy Sackton: In out of were out of your site where you can't see it into the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: It actually the the
Timothy Sackton: Staff itself. The like carving along the iron staff is giving off a faint glow. So you can sort of see where it is over here.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: These two bolts of dark energy come flying out
Timothy Sackton: Towards you
Timothy Sackton: But in your in the sort of motion of your attack, even though you're sort of startled by a disappearing and reappearing just like weaving and documented the way. And both of these bolts of dark energy fly past you in this
Eric Rosenbaum: Freaky
Timothy Sackton: OK. OK.
Mike Sackton: I am going to
Mike Sackton: Have a couple things going on. First of all, we to moderate curse on this creature
Mike Sackton: Which gives me plus two bonus to damage roles in a crit and 19 or 20 Oh wait, I can only 1234 I need to move. I'm going to move
Mike Sackton: Need to be
Mike Sackton: Need to be closer for that.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Then I will Eldridge blast it
Timothy Sackton: That makes sense.
David Kong: Like, is that a spell or is that like you get the ability, you can
Mike Sackton: Just blast as a can trip.
Timothy Sackton: It's all about it.
Mike Sackton: I'll just blast. I can cast at well
David Kong: It's just the captain, I can catch
Mike Sackton: As many times as they want.
David Kong: Nice. Okay, that's cool.
Timothy Sackton: So that's
Mike Sackton: That was correct, and my
Timothy Sackton: Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guess I'll just shoot me a crossbow again.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Well be as far as you can tell, it hasn't seen you. You'll have disadvantage on the attack, though, because you can't see yet. I mean, you can see faintly where it is from this glow. But it's outside the range of your
Timothy Sackton: Light Source range of Kansas light source.
Rev. David: Before this consistency.
Timothy Sackton: 20
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I guess it's in dim light. Now, I guess it's an
Rev. David: Awesome.
Rev. David: Do I have an
Rev. David: Advantage attacking from hiding
Yep.
Rev. David: Awesome.
David Kong: Oh,
Nice.
Rev. David: So let's
Timothy Sackton: Add them all up. That's
Timothy Sackton: 613
Awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Nice that that era that just flying out of the shadow
Wow.
Timothy Sackton: But at this error just strikes that and it's up until this point, you haven't gotten any sense that it's been even vaguely concerned about you, but this error just hits it straight. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Essentially going on with all the way through it and like staggers back and looks around, like, where did that come from, what are these people
Rev. David: And then
Rev. David: I'm fine, because it has my location, now that I
Rev. David: Hit it on the move and height again.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really get the sense that you get quite as good a job.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza your up
David Kong: Alright.
David Kong: So hey kids.
David Kong: And striking with my quarter staff.
Timothy Sackton: That is going to mess.
Mike Sackton: Roll.
Mike Sackton: Roll your way 636
David Kong: So now I just roll the clip.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong: That works. Nice.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
David Kong: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: In spirit six points that as your as you're swinging. Again, it's like you almost like you feel like your quarter staff is encountering some sort of
Timothy Sackton: Magical
Timothy Sackton: Protective energy around it. And the, the runes that have surrounded you sort of travel down to your staff and you just get this little extra bit of
Timothy Sackton: oomph to penetrate these magical defenses and smack it straight in the head and now it's looked at looks
Timothy Sackton: To the extent to which a undead hobgoblin can look scared. It's like the battle is completely turned on a dime from where it thought it was and is looking pretty badly wounded and pretty unhappy with the situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, yeah.
David Kong: Second. Second. A second strike with my
Timothy Sackton: Oh, sorry, click
Timothy Sackton: Decent. Yeah.
David Kong: Second unarmed strikes.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
David Kong: And then I'm going to use my key again and do another sub my second one, do another set of second strike.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: Hits and as your fist.
Timothy Sackton: Dodging out of the way, as your as your second fifth connects
Timothy Sackton: You feel it slump and begin to crumble to the ground. As the whenever animating force that was keeping it alive fades and it just sort of slumps over the staff.
Timothy Sackton: Clattering to the ground on the ground next to me.
David Kong: And I had this finishing move like after is like I take my take my staff to hands smash it like kind of try to wheel and hit and miss but continue to spin around again and then with my hands. Just like rabbit by rope and like choking to death.
Timothy Sackton: As the staff. You notice the staff clattering to the ground and I just sent you a message.
Timothy Sackton: But there seems to be nothing out here. The Black Obsidian is still sort of pulsing
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: Darkness, the sort of
Timothy Sackton: You can sense the sort of feeling of like anger and rage is still is still radiating out from this
Timothy Sackton: Crystal polished glass obsidian ON THE TOP OF IT staff.
David Kong: So wait, I just kind of look around. How's everyone anybody injured.
Mike Sackton: Somewhat
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm cool.
I'm good.
David Kong: Don't touch that staff. This thing is this, this has rooms I recognize on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brings you recognize
David Kong: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I think, are you, you're coming to the rest sort of where the rest of them are
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello. Yeah, I'm like cautiously walking over
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a wisdom safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't seen most of the cave. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of feel a momentary sort of wave of anger Passover you step into the cave, but
Mike Sackton: The
Eric Rosenbaum: Low
Timothy Sackton: At fans quickly.
David Kong: Yeah, I recognize these these words, it says I bind you to the black winds I bind you to my flame I bind you in my power until the sun fails and the moon is dead.
Rev. David: Black
Rev. David: Like flame lucquin. What does it say
David Kong: I bind you to the black wind I bind you to my flame I bind you in my power until the sun fails and the moon is dead.
David Kong: Whose power touch that thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's I in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, very interesting.
David Kong: We should take this with us, but put it on the desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I was thinking the same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's gonna put it on the desk.
Mike Sackton: I use my channel.
Yeah, I'm just gonna say okay
Mike Sackton: And this
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we get the sense
Mike Sackton: That was will say,
Mike Sackton: It was the sense of anger and
Mike Sackton: Like almost a driving force urging me to crush and kill when I came in this room.
Eric Rosenbaum: I noticed something weird, too. Yeah.
David Kong: I think it's because of the staff.
Mike Sackton: Itself struck me that that same driving force seems to have been animating all the creatures we met.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if we could destroy this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that thing, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: That's why the thing
Timothy Sackton: Like starting things
Eric Rosenbaum: Munich magic in viewing power in this piece of obsidian, which is acting as a magical focus
It's
Timothy Sackton: Certainly possible it's
I mean,
Timothy Sackton: I guess it actually hasn't been that long. So
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's our are dealt with your face site is still active, it's
Mike Sackton: Technically it requires
Mike Sackton: Concentration, so it's not
Timothy Sackton: So it's not because
Mike Sackton: I don't know if it should require concentration, but
Timothy Sackton: Now, it probably shouldn't require concentration
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can always do it again.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: We probably should.
Mike Sackton: We should take a few minutes to
Mike Sackton: Search magically to look around magically
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we in a
Eric Rosenbaum: Dead end here, we should we should check her out and we
Eric Rosenbaum: Should see what else we can find.
Timothy Sackton: There is a, there is a passage way down here but you explore it briefly, and it is a dead end there. It's just
Like
Timothy Sackton: The sort of end of the cave system as far as you can tell, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Now that the battle is over, looking around in here.
Timothy Sackton: You can you also notice that there's more
Timothy Sackton: Broken statues of some some creatures of which seem to be considerably more
Timothy Sackton: weathered or more like there's a
Timothy Sackton: Few like back statues that have a winged snapped off and seem like they've been actually crushed since they became statues instead of before. That's the
Timothy Sackton: Things that are here are all kind of small creatures like bats lizards.
Timothy Sackton: Things like that. And in much more
Timothy Sackton: Advanced state of decay.
Timothy Sackton: Men, the statues, you've seen before.
Eric Rosenbaum: And wonder if that suggests something growing and power over time.
Rev. David: Or if this was sealed off and somehow reopened.
Eric Rosenbaum: Through the event that also broke open the sister.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any evidence of that Tim that like chambers are shut and reopen like the walls.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, not that you can see
David Kong: Can I do in Arcata to try to try to learn more about the staff.
Timothy Sackton: Sure.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm going to do face it, too.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
And
Mike Sackton: And I'll also do
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean the whole the staff and the obsidian crystal on top of it are are clearly magical and
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Timothy Sackton: The sort of way that darkness kind of collects around the obsidian certainly doesn't seem
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's not normal, it's definitely magical and you clearly see that it is in fact magical
David Kong: And any sense of its history when agents come from, how old is it, is it a famous relic. Is it
Timothy Sackton: If it's not, if it's nothing you recognize does a famous relic um
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: It's
David Kong: Everything is a poem
David Kong: Do I recognize the inscription.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm
David Kong: So glad to get us
Timothy Sackton: A
David Kong: Before the Great War.
David Kong: It's
Timothy Sackton: It's not. I mean, it's not within the past generation, you don't you don't really know how old it is beyond that it doesn't seem ancient, you know, it's not like a ancient relic from 1000 years ago or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have a great sense of
Eric Rosenbaum: Would it have been made by dwarfs.
David Kong: Yeah, I was gonna say haha goblins dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely not made by dwarves.
Um,
Mike Sackton: Is there anything on the hobgoblin skeletons body.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Wow.
David Kong: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, on the audience body there's. I mean, it's mostly rotting
Timothy Sackton: However, you do find
Timothy Sackton: around its neck a
Timothy Sackton: Like a silver necklace that's twisted
Timothy Sackton: Almost. You could imagine it's like you know to two wings and sort of fire coming out from in between the wings with a black pearl said in the middle of that.
Mike Sackton: That symbolize anything
Timothy Sackton: Nothing that you recognize I'm
Timothy Sackton: Actually, hold on a sec.
Send your message.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with looks a little pale.
Mike Sackton: And kind of points to the symbol and says,
Mike Sackton: This looks like one of schmutz symbols.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really
Eric Rosenbaum: What makes you say that
Mike Sackton: I fought in the great wars. Remember
Mike Sackton: Reminiscent of what
Mike Sackton: But his, his armies carried then
David Kong: We should destroy these things.
Mike Sackton: Should
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there no other exits to this cave room that we're in.
Timothy Sackton: There it. There is another exit. There's an exit.
Timothy Sackton: On the north east side, which if you can kind of imagine your spatial
Timothy Sackton: Dr. Dre would would lead into into the
Timothy Sackton: Baby kaka trees were
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it forms a kind of loop.
Timothy Sackton: In funds to kind of live. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
David Kong: We are on this hobgoblin dude. So I mean, is it. Do we think that this this the hobgoblin was the was the source of all of this treachery.
Mike Sackton: He said,
Mike Sackton: Power keep the power
Mike Sackton: He wanted. He said the power was his right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: He's a little
Mike Sackton: I think he did, but it, it seems a little impossible that he thought this all up on his own.
Rev. David: Writing
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Mike Sackton: It almost seems like something ancient that was released some relic from the Great War that
Mike Sackton: Was found and set free.
Rev. David: That it was less him than the spear itself than the relic itself. That was doing all this
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: This relic staff.
Just about but
Mike Sackton: I guess that
Mike Sackton: He's been down here since the
Mike Sackton: Since the war.
Mike Sackton: Seems like I mean we did we have any sense of when this fort was last a real fort.
Timothy Sackton: Not that long ago.
Mike Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Your sense was that it would. So it was constructed
Timothy Sackton: You knew from your history.
Timothy Sackton: From last session that in the
Timothy Sackton: In the sort of time of the Great War series of forts were constructed along the
Timothy Sackton: Northern trade route through through done more to protect against a series of hobgoblin incursions coming from the north, and this was probably part of that network.
Timothy Sackton: How Soon as you know whether it was occupied for a generation after the Great War or just a few years, you don't really know it certainly fell into ruin.
Timothy Sackton: At least 100 years ago.
David Kong: What was the name of the
David Kong: The guy back in town, Kendra.
Timothy Sackton: Kendra, so
Yeah.
David Kong: Help you trust and Rosa.
Mike Sackton: I have not met, Kendra, so
Mike Sackton: Trust is very elusive.
Not
Mike Sackton: A trust anybody associated with the
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: What are they called the I forget the name of the call, but the magic the cult of magic people
Rev. David: Say sorry
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the
Timothy Sackton: shocker and mysteries.
Mike Sackton: mysteries that says yes.
Mike Sackton: They seem quite
Mike Sackton: attached to their own secrets.
David Kong: We need to learn more about these items, but the horn, too, but
No.
Mike Sackton: I just asked you a question.
Rev. David: Well, we've seen everything there is to see down here, except the Kuchar traces closer up. So I think we should get out of here now.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
I agree.
David Kong: I agree. Let's get out of here, but
David Kong: Wait idea does any of you have any idea how to destroy this thing, this is this is I I worry that the longer the staff.
David Kong: This. This is incredibly evil this thing.
Rev. David: Mean in the stories. It's typically a volcano or the center of an ocean or a god.
David Kong: Hmm seeker. Do you know what
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be an Arcana check for me, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one sec.
Timothy Sackton: I need to type something Mike and then I'll get to that.
Rev. David: Okay, we'll keep speculating.
Eric Rosenbaum: On. Yeah, it's like
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe there's a way that we could
Eric Rosenbaum: Bury it
Eric Rosenbaum: Or
Eric Rosenbaum: What far away was buried
Mike Sackton: And I wouldn't bring it into town. It seems to drive those who come near it.
Mike Sackton: Quite
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it probably would bring giant lizards, along with it. Who knows what kind of activity.
Timothy Sackton: Um, so yes, make
Makeup
Timothy Sackton: Actually, since it's
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, making our make an arc on a check. But, but with advantage because it's obsidian, and you are
Timothy Sackton: Familiar with the sorts of crystals from your glass blowing
Nice.
David Kong: Oh, should I make an iconic trick you.
Timothy Sackton: Know, just just seeker.
Mike Sackton: ask you another question.
Timothy Sackton: I got it. Um, so
Timothy Sackton: As you um so you sort of are kind of looking at it and thinking about, you know, glass, and I'm sitting in and
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's
Timothy Sackton: It does seem like actually the way it's constructed, there is a point where if you could strike it at that point it would shatter.
Timothy Sackton: Now whether this is protected in some way or there's something about it that would prevent that from working. It's hard to tell but sort of in your just kind of like sort of pondering it, you can see that it's it's not a perfect crystal. There seems to be a flaw.
Mike Sackton: So, Dallas been kind of looking at the thing for a bit. And he says,
Mike Sackton: This really seems to me this reminds me
Mike Sackton: Like nothing so much as the magic of the Great War.
Mike Sackton: I think it's a
Mike Sackton: It could be a strikes me, it could be a weapon of
Mike Sackton: schmutz or or a relic left behind some unused magic to drive the opposing armies mad and tear each other apart.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does seem to have a flaw in it.
Mike Sackton: What I don't know is
Mike Sackton: How did it.
Mike Sackton: Get free
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps it was put here by some more powerful malevolent actor
Mike Sackton: I think it's so can we can you tell with your stone sense how recent the tunnel into the cave is. Do we have any way of knowing if that was
Eric Rosenbaum: The tunnel. So great question.
Wake
Mike Sackton: Up in here for yeah yeah but
Eric Rosenbaum: What
David Kong: What are you guys doing
Mike Sackton: Like getting the staff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have my eyeball like an inch from the flow and the crystal orb
Mike Sackton: am looking at it with face eight
Rev. David: I'm listening and looking for cockatoo pieces to come visiting
Thanks.
Mike Sackton: Good.
David Kong: Gentlemen, I
David Kong: Have an idea.
David Kong: On something I might try but
David Kong: I need a moment with this stuff. That's all right with you all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I do think I see a way to destroy it. So maybe we should talk over anything that you're going to try before you try it.
David Kong: Are you talking about the flop.
Indeed,
David Kong: That's what I'm thinking to but just added intuition on something here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what I will kind of intuition.
David Kong: Just stand back and give me a little space for a moment, if that's all right.
Rev. David: That's the thing we should do in a cave.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is my area, by the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just mean manipulating
Eric Rosenbaum: Stone things
Mike Sackton: If it does feel like maybe we should do this and sunlight.
Rev. David: Hmm, let's
David Kong: We can take it outside.
David Kong: I think machine. Let's
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's, let's get it up onto the disk. We can float it up out of the cave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get some fresh air.
Mike Sackton: And I think we should walk on our way back out, see if we can get a sense of whether the
Mike Sackton: entrance way.
Mike Sackton: And is newer is it part of the system, or was it
Mike Sackton: Like dug down. Is it like
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The relative ages of the different features here would be interesting to know
Eric Rosenbaum: Good cushion. Okay, so, so we're floating it out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David: We can we take the statue with us today.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking that too. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Hi. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: All we do they think flooding.
Timothy Sackton: I sent you a message.
Timothy Sackton: Let's put them on the display soon as you start walking away from here I'm
Mike Sackton: Dealt with throws up his hand as soon as we start to to weave.
Mike Sackton: I think it's better if we destroy it here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, why is that
Mike Sackton: Intuition
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, well, and just just just to point out, generally speaking, when we're doing heavy duty stone work under the ground, anything that could create any kind of like concussion type of you know explosion or implosion. You want to have as much open space around you as possible, obviously.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so just think about what might happen when we attack this flaw.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know better to be
Eric Rosenbaum: Not confined confined is all I'm saying.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Who knows.
Mike Sackton: Who knows what will happen.
Mike Sackton: If it sees the way to day though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Could it, could it. In fact, more people, more things.
Mike Sackton: In feels maybe a bit dangerous and and
David Kong: I'm with the health
David Kong: We destroyed we destroyed this thing here.
Mike Sackton: I think the sooner the better.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just so just to review the options I have an idea for
Eric Rosenbaum: Taking a
Eric Rosenbaum: Some
Eric Rosenbaum: Sturdy metallic object and striking it precisely on its point of flaw and then Kenzo has some idea as well.
David Kong: And it's, it's a variation on your idea I've got an idea of what I might be able to strike it with
Timothy Sackton: As you as you're talking
Timothy Sackton: You can see there's
Timothy Sackton: Some centipedes that are starting to like crawl out of the ground. Do you
Timothy Sackton: Start to head towards you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do whatever it
Mike Sackton: Takes just just
Timothy Sackton: Not just like normal little
Timothy Sackton: Agitated
Quickly.
David Kong: Just let me let me do this.
Mike Sackton: Give it to Kenzo
Rev. David: Okay, hang on just a second. I need a response from him first.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
Rev. David: All right, we'll stand back
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so who's doing what.
David Kong: So you if you all just kind of get like you know 10 or 15 feet back away from me. Yeah.
David Kong: You see, you see, Kenzo like pull something from his neck a little hard to see what what he's pulling, but he like rip something off of his neck and then Tim, I, I take the, you know what, and I basically like bring it close to the to the defect.
David Kong: And just, you can type me and tell me as I when I'm feeling as I get closer and closer to it. And then I basically
David Kong: If I, if it's feeling my and I'm relying very strongly on my intuition. Right now, if it's feeling like a good thing to do. I jam the defect with the you know what and and basically shove it into that spot.
David Kong: And then we'll just tell me, tell me what happens as I
Timothy Sackton: Say,
Rev. David: Insects come out of the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Reasonable question.
Rev. David: Six usually do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, when they're inspired by a malevolent magical or perhaps
Eric Rosenbaum: Attracting yeah
I'm
Rev. David: Or is it the staff draws me to it, maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it seems to drive everything a little bit crazy, doesn't it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it was making
Eric Rosenbaum: Making
David Kong: So it's So Tim, I am not giving feeling like my plan isn't work.
Mike Sackton: Guys, I'll be right back. One second.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happened.
David Kong: I had a feeling about this. The staff but it's it's trying to speak to me it's trying to tell me to take it.
David Kong: Knows things about me.
Rev. David: It knows things about
David Kong: It does. We have to destroy this thing.
David Kong: It's gonna it's gonna affect all of us, we have to destroy it. I don't know how the what if we could use that. What if we could use the
Eric Rosenbaum: Second,
spearpoint
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is silver medal to do this.
David Kong: Well, I did the same thing to him. I take, I take the because I'm holding it. It's got the lane on it. Right.
David Kong: Yeah, Maya.
David Kong: If I bring that closer to the defect, does that
David Kong: Do anything feel like anything.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't feel like just touching it with anything, it's gonna do anything like you almost have to
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you need to just like the thing to it. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can tell you pretty precisely, it's going to need to be, you know, a sledgehammer blow to shatter. Something like that.
David Kong: All right. Um, so I liked it up, then I tried that. I'll take the I'll take the watch. I asked everybody. What do you think, all I can try to I can try to use the spirit point
Rev. David: I took a torch out of my backpack and let it
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Nice. Nice. I
Eric Rosenbaum: Might work. Yeah.
All right, Tim.
Rev. David: Hello, sir.
David Kong: Yeah, I take, I take the spearpoint put it into the the defect and then
David Kong: Read it back and take a smack with my quarter stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo put your back into it, just giving me
Timothy Sackton: I can make a make an attack whole
David Kong: Quarter stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: As you start to drive the
Timothy Sackton: You sort of lined it up exactly right. And you start to drive this the spearpoint into it.
Timothy Sackton: Make Wisdom saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: It's going to try to stop you.
David Kong: Know,
Timothy Sackton: You, there's a you feel like this.
Timothy Sackton: horrible pain in your mind as there's this like feedback backlash of psychic energy as you take 11 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: But the, the blow seems to have done something as a crack begins to appear in the center of the
Timothy Sackton: In the center of the of what was before a solid crystal them.
Timothy Sackton: Almost like a crack that starting to form from that strike.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Timothy Sackton: It does not seem to like it being hit though.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you see
David Kong: You see, Kenza kind of stumbled back and you know blood starting to come out of his nose.
David Kong: Just like stunned.
David Kong: Well, definitely didn't like that.
David Kong: I'm gonna try to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely seems like something
Eric Rosenbaum: I get out my. Was it called My Mason toolkit.
Timothy Sackton: Huh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have like a
Eric Rosenbaum: Sticker tremors.
Eric Rosenbaum: A hammer and chisel.
David Kong: That I can use anybody
David Kong: That might be nice to as I'm almost dead right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I don't have any ability to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, I think I got this. So I get out my kit lay everything out.
Eric Rosenbaum: screwed together a little jig to hold it in place, line it all up and I'm just going to give it one very powerful tap in exactly the right
Eric Rosenbaum: Just as you start to
Timothy Sackton: swing down on it. It's almost like there's a something around the obsidian your hammer your Mason still can't quite even make contact with the jam. Is it just bounces back
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, well, that's not gonna work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo. Can I see that spearhead
Mike Sackton: Should should we try blowing the horn.
David Kong: Well, I think we know how to do it. Well, what I what I did.
David Kong: Clearly,
Mike Sackton: Was had an impact. But it's what did you do, I was
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, sorry.
David Kong: I put the spirit point into the
David Kong: Box.
David Kong: And then I I smashed down at it and it cracked the obsidian.
Mike Sackton: So we just need to do that a few more times.
David Kong: Yeah, accept it almost killed me when I when I did that I felt I felt the wisdoms that
David Kong: Chuck did 11 points of damage.
Rev. David: Will see which of us bricks first
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David: I think it's still a good plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay so so Kensal. Can I, can I see the spirit point yeah prostitute and I just swapped it in for my, my, which is all
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and just
Timothy Sackton: Walk on it with your Mason's okay
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, make it make a
Timothy Sackton: Make a
Eric Rosenbaum: I get significant bonuses for me.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you do.
Timothy Sackton: Like Makeup, makeup Mason's tool check but using your, your dexterity.
Timothy Sackton: Can you even make make a dexterity check and add your add your proficiency bonus
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the proficiency bonus
Mike Sackton: That's
Just too.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, just make a decks check
Timothy Sackton: And then add to
Timothy Sackton: Your glow goes wide and the
Timothy Sackton: spearpoint shifts, but
Timothy Sackton: But doesn't
Timothy Sackton: But doesn't, you don't get you don't get a solid enough blow on it too.
Timothy Sackton: Do any damage.
David Kong: Are we all wanted
Rev. David: No, I'm good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not wounded yet.
Mike Sackton: I'm I'm only a little bit. Well, good.
David Kong: Well, why don't we just give it a shot. I think this is what's good
David Kong: For this thing. So I've never really take a shot at it just
David Kong: Like, can I give that I have to let it kill you.
Rev. David: Can we show next
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Rev. David: Gonna try it again. So you could
Eric Rosenbaum: Say, um, it's
Eric Rosenbaum: I it's
Mike Sackton: just sent you messaged him.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's trying to it's, uh huh. That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that this thing is quite malevolent and it's it's trying to persuade us that
Timothy Sackton: It's okay, Mike. I just saw that
Eric Rosenbaum: That we should take its, its power.
David Kong: Seeker yes it's trying to manipulate us. That's why we have to fucking kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: When we
David Kong: go next with the spirit point and try to fucking kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe, maybe I should step by step away from from that or
Rev. David: Reach out. Can I taught me that hammer
Rev. David: Don't have proficiency, Tim. Was this just a deck checkers, isn't it.
Rev. David: Um, or attack her
Timothy Sackton: Just a straight decks jack. If you don't have Mason's tool proficiency.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wish I wasn't out of inspirations.
David Kong: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on a sec.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's good.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one sec there, I need to answer my question.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, maybe I could just touch it for a second, though.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so roll.
Timothy Sackton: One. Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Well, when da
Timothy Sackton: Wisdom saving
Rev. David: What's the conventional
Rev. David: Wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: And wisdom savings.
David Kong: We're all gonna
Eric Rosenbaum: die from this fucking
Stone.
David Kong: Oh,
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: You're not
Eric Rosenbaum: Again, let's see how much did
Timothy Sackton: You are not so familiar with how to handle a Mason's hammer and a silver steel point
Timothy Sackton: Enchanted with continual
Timothy Sackton: Flame and
Timothy Sackton: Managed to strike at but it's a pretty. It's a pretty solid blow, but it's not very well aimed, and as the another chip flies in the crack widens again a blast of of energy like backlash static hits your mind and you take nine points of psychic damage.
Rev. David: Is that one double to two for the natural Tony
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it is actually, yes.
Rev. David: I think I did more damage to myself into that thing.
Rev. David: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's definitely that crack is definitely growing, we get the sense that one more solid hit
Timothy Sackton: could split it in half.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we drop something really heavy on it at this point.
Mike Sackton: I told me try it again. Hold on a second.
Mike Sackton: Kim's leaving me with like very big
Timothy Sackton: SIGH SIGH
Mike Sackton: That was
Mike Sackton: That was steps forward.
Mike Sackton: And you see a
Mike Sackton: Like a
Mike Sackton: shadowy form of a long sword appearing in his hand, and then it it slowly coalesces into a a
Mike Sackton: Actual weapon. Let me try with this.
Mike Sackton: Never. I mean, it just appears out of nowhere, he swings. I'll swing it at the at the
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so making attack.
David Kong: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: We're kind of a golf with
David Kong: The spirit tip in there.
Mike Sackton: Or just no good. Not just, no, no. Like, like, like a attack on
David Kong: You move the spirit because the spirit of right now is inside the crack
Mike Sackton: Right. Oh, look at that.
Timothy Sackton: As you as you swing down with this shadow his sword on to the
Timothy Sackton: The obsidian crystal aiming for the flaw that
Timothy Sackton: That well be pointed out, you strike it just perfectly dead on. And the entire thing just shatters into about 500 small shards and you feel all of you feel a sense of
Timothy Sackton: It's like, it's like you've been
Timothy Sackton: clenching your teeth for the past half an hour and you didn't realize that. And this tension kind of grains from you.
Timothy Sackton: As something
Timothy Sackton: Fades as this obsidian is destroyed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Timothy Sackton: And with that strike the shadowy weapons starts to fade from dealt with hand.
David Kong: Why did you use that thing before man.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was that, oh,
David Kong: Before L.
Mike Sackton: Don't didn't know how before
Mike Sackton: My, my intuition showed me the way
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: As a sort of sense of calm fades, you know, passes over you. You notice that the centipedes and some insects that I had been sort of cluster close around you and sort of nipping at your legs begin to
Timothy Sackton: fade back into the cave.
Timothy Sackton: You hear a roar.
Timothy Sackton: Like a LION.
David Kong: A great
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it coming from the other chamber where we sell the still in line.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's get out of here.
Rev. David: I think the countries have that under control. Yeah.
Rev. David: Let's, let's get out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it seems safe to take a obsidian shard for my collection.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's, yeah, it seems that it as you like. If you reach out. Pick it up, it just seems like normal Soviet now.
I'm
Mike Sackton: I'm getting pretty tired, it would be good to wrap up soon.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I think we, that was a good
Mike Sackton: I think that was a good
Timothy Sackton: Topics wrap up.
David Kong: What about the. What about the artifacts that the show but Nicholas thing.
Mike Sackton: We should take that just for historical curiosity. If nothing else, it's not magical right
Timothy Sackton: Now it's not magical
Rev. David: What if we take that and take the statue up and then take a long rest in the temple, so
David Kong: Yes, don't do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I support that plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can park the statue at
Eric Rosenbaum: Know Park. The statue inside there with us. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Let's just take a long list somewhere where the wind. Oh, yes. Yeah.
David Kong: Yeah inside
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, okay. So just in the interest of resolving the key question of the night. I'm
Timothy Sackton: A horse.
Timothy Sackton: You
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Let's say you take a long rest.
Timothy Sackton: And then it when you wake up in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Scrambled cockatoo things
Timothy Sackton: That the sun comes up.
Timothy Sackton: But the the desert feels very different like before where you had seen you know
Timothy Sackton: scorpions fighting each other and all of these things. It almost seems like there's, you know, a calm has spread across
Timothy Sackton: This area and it doesn't feel entirely safe.
Timothy Sackton: But it doesn't feel
Timothy Sackton: It feels AGAIN IT FEELS LIKE YOU DIDN'T YOU DIDN'T EVEN YOU DIDN'T REALIZE quite how on edge. You had been ever since get into this for it and now
Timothy Sackton: You sort of take a deep breath and relax.
Timothy Sackton: And as you head back to your camp.
Timothy Sackton: Climbing up the cliff you here. Yay.
Timothy Sackton: That is a good spot to add
Rev. David: Listening to the death rattle of the horse.
Mike Sackton: Talk to you guys all soon.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta go to bed like key for the horse is
David Kong: Gonna
Timothy Sackton: Like if you took a long grass before destroying the crystal, the horse was gonna die.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
So,
David Kong: All right, gentlemen, are we doing this in two weeks on a Friday. Now,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. What are you guys schedules. I mean, I was so I could do that.
Rev. David: To
Timothy Sackton: My OB in Nantucket, but
Rev. David: My July is way, way more open, then
Timothy Sackton: I could I could also do. I mean, honestly, I can't do next Friday. But if you guys can do next week, other than Friday both Mike and I are here in Nantucket without getting Dana all next week.
Rev. David: Wednesday or Thursday, if it works for you guys.
Timothy Sackton: But I don't know what your schedule is like
Timothy Sackton: Oh my God, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I'm flexible. Yeah.
David Kong: I mean, yeah, theoretically could do like the ninth maybe
Timothy Sackton: Word Monday.
Timothy Sackton: What do you think about the night playing again next week we'll both be here without anybody for us just set his schedule totally open
Eric Rosenbaum: End Game.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Mike has another D amp D game, but they're playing on the eight he says
Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, perfect.
David Kong: All right, guys.
Timothy Sackton: Good night, everybody. Good night.
Rev. David: Thanks. Thanks, Tim.
David Kong: Thanks Tim it
Rev. David: Can I guess, see you Thursday.
David Kong: Yep, the other day.